the guy is suffering from depression
is she doing a backflip twist ?
what did they have to do to help support cancer ? fundraisers always intrigue me
i love the bit of motion blur in this photo , asks plenty of questions as to why this person took such an active , lovely photo .
sunlight filtered by sleepy clouds .
what a wonderful map
why is that guy bulling the little one .
she ' s really cool and funny
these people sitting at nice tables could have dressed a bit nicer , too .
fight fight fight ! but also teamwork !
why can ' t i read the sign !
why didn ' t she get the fancy dress ?
really weird angle here .
two of them look same
wonderul teammates here
too many people for my comfort .
aww . . . look at the little guy ! he looks so quiet and shy .
the artist lived in the area she painted this painting .
this sign is the pathway to a lot less hair and opportunity .
they have similar hats .
better be careful , you could slip at any moment . . .
we can ' t walk there , i ' m not sure what to do now .
this photo quality is almost as bad as the band lol
wow i love that boat so much i wish that i was able to be on it !
i would jump off that into the water .
this is lemon green
that bird looks rather boring .
i hope i don ' t have to take a photo next
i would love to tell these people a joke
i wish i would have designed this .
a tender moment and the decoration looks beautiful
i ' d comment on these toys , but what ' s the point of anything anymore ?
i made one of these when i was 3 it looked just like this
it ' s pleasant to think about how much greenery is found throughout the world .
they shouldn ' t deserve the award
there are 7 deer in this picture .
the driver of this car is a snob .
sure . . i an climb it
his attitude seems sad .
the engine under the hood is a beauty
i don ' t know how to talk to a baby .
those steps look like an awesome place to skateboard ! me and my friends would love to come to that park .
super great to see young people involved with technology .
what an annoying skyline , i hate it .
the sun brings forth a new beginning , a bright new start , and endless opportunity to pursue your passion . get up and go forth !
there is no image , but this brownish / orange box is my favorite color .
this place looks depressing
an architectural masterpiece , overall design is very good
you know when you see this image this very captivating just to see the accomplishments of these two individuals
the better the snow , the faster i go
the randomness of the street layout makes me feel trippy .
this place looks like a normal store
i am not attached to these characters .
the white balance in the photo is sublime
i can tell from the debris left behind that the workers must still be finishing their renovations .
i would ask these people why they don ' t enjoy the environment if i was in that park
an everyday in gym class with everyone you know .
dude i wanna shred those slopes man
those people are very photogenic . i would like to invite them to my studio
that could be fun
i have the energy of a 5 yr old
those horses and their jockeys
i dont think i would ride that trolly
the lettering looks very common place .
this rainbow makes a triangle shape !
i ' dig to count the cans . someone else can straighten them up .
i don ' t think that her shirt shows the seriousness of the situation
look at the awesome face this tower is making ! heheehehe .
just seeing an older gentleman on these cobblestone streets reminds one that we should look to our surroundings and we ' ll never know what someone can teach us !
i can imagine the smells of this wonderful kitchen . makes me want to go on a food tour around the world .
i ' m not sure what the artist was going for , but they need to do more work on this piece to clarify it .
somebody turned out all the lights
i really love corgis
beauty requires work , as demonstrated by the gorgeous venetian waterways .
imagine getting to be the guy in that suit . you would get to meet so many people and make a lot of new friends , how fun !
that is the animal of my nation i love so much
he is smiling because he is about to have the craziest night of his life .
will you look at that , fog on my one day out of the office .
this car is so unusual
i am holding my phone up and rocking out to these guys
baskets are always filled with happy things . food in a basket it guaranteed to bring smile .
these homes are a good use of space .
worst picture ever , what were you thinking dude ?
the picture was so dark .
i could build a better bridge , and take a better photo of it too .
what an egotistical monument .
this bus is placed just right so that the canopy protects the riders from the elements such as rain .
the fellow in front of us was driving so slowly that i crossed the double line to pass him
i bet judas thought he was doing hte right thing
i am not a fan of those few rooms with lights still on ; i do not appreciate them looking at everything
afraid of big storm
i am really feeling low key about this costume .
why would he want that ?
that toy is not appropriate for that child
out of place combination lacks varity
you have to appreciate the work that went into this
this would look better if it was bullozed
just a strange place
the structure of the tree trunk really inspires me to create a sculpture that mimics the movement .
the reason this bell is silver is because they ran out of gold bells that day .
the cat would let you know if she liked you .
i can ' t believe they would let a child sit there
i ' m sure she has an explanation of why she is just sitting there .
it is sad that someone is in the position that they have to beg .
this baby should be a little more scared of getting in front of people swinging .
the background looks beautiful , but the foreground makes it lok messy and industrial .
this space is very drab and dated
what a beautiful shade of blue ! this blue is the best blue i ' ve ever witnessed .
just a clear , boorish and plain color .
what a beautiful use of nature , grilling out in the open where the wind is good and the sun is warm , people all around like a fun feast under the moon .
the lighting is crazy .
wow . . . the lights are so red .
its kind of them to pretend they care about what he is saying .
i just want to give that alligator a hug !
that woman ' s around a bunch of other people
rock that hair
i made a dazzling guest list for my party . just look at those famous faces !
the pompous crowd began to confront the other teams fans and shout obscenities to them .
what is this place i ' m looking at
does the shore meet the water or do they never touch ?
i would absolutely love to take a visit to an island like this !
this is very religious , and very interesting .
dd you know that car can now go up to 120 mph
these folks are awaiting their turn at auditioning .
watch out behind you !
sheep are on their way
why would you even have a fan like that ? what ' s the point ?
did they finally realize she wasn ' t wearing a bra ?
i would enjoy a picknick out here .
this dog is going to get old , and mean , and bite a bunch of people !
what is she doing there ? how boring
i feel so small
judging by his looks , this puppy will grow to be a large dog .
as you can clearly see , i have laid this tile down in a most professional and outstandingly competent manner .
the trained echoed as it went by .
looks like a fun party . i hope everyone got home safe afterwards .
i wonder what the temperature of that beer is .
the place of religion
keep fighting to the end
i think what you do is amazing , it help a lot of people
good old times with those little plastic green soldiers .
this looks like a rugged terrain .
looks pretty boring
ahhh this is very aesthetically pleasing ! it reminds me of grecian architecture .
you can tell how healthy the roots of this tree are due to the bright coloration of the leaves .
im probably gona die my hair
this is a great shot because of the intensity of it , it leaves a viewer wondering what may come in through those doors or even who may have just ran out them .
he playing in hell
i know i could enjoy this place .
beauty in the strangest of places .
well that ' s the last time i try that recipe . . .
i like this picture it have such a artsy mechanical touch .
very good composition
i would totally rip this plant to shreds .
those pylons are very dirty . i say you tear the rusty thing down . what an eyesore .
granite countertops are the best .
it looks like there are mountains behind that building .
this is some voodoo nonsense .
that ' s a nice simple design for a sign .
wow made for each other
that guy really needs to put on a shirt .
i can be very happy when i see children playing .
what are they looking at anyway .
wow bring your jacket .
the bus gets over 20 mpg which is awesome .
this place is so wonderful , id invest all of my earnings here
absolutely beautiful view , it would take forever to reach the top of the hill
going to be a scientist one day
looks like he forgot his beer at the pub on the top of the hill .
what fake way to try and prove you are smart by making a math diagram that isn ' t even correct , so silly .
a wonderful moment for this group to ponder on life as they see the sun set
i once nearly got into the mars program , since i am so great .
why would you want to be out that late
we should get some drinks and tear up some drawings bigly !
he , and i would tear this place up !
classic emo boy .
this is so inspiring
oh , great . where there is one ship , there are thousands more , with their billions of troops and alien weapons !
there are probably enough fish in this lake to feed an entire town for a year .
um , two men driving ? no thanks . . .
that tower looks like it ' s well made .
that looks like an enjoyable experience .
a bunch of plants that weren ' t worth tending to
i could row a boat on that pond without any ripples .
why does she look sad ?
i know the sign is a bit sketchy , but i ' m sure the food is good , we shouldn ' t judge a place just for a sign .
i ' d trip her if she walked past me !
coming to the courthouse was ridiculous
be careful you can fall
imagine how dark this place would look without all the lights on .
these colours complement each other beautifully .
may i please have a peach ?
let ' s go dancing !
the girl is really into her performance .
this sky is always this color of blue
this police officer is very serious .
the best mountain range for skiing and climbing ever
i think it ' s funny that the guy in the back looks so excited
you can tell she was still holding that against him .
cool pic , like the cam .
looks like they were having too much fun at the concert to take a good snapshot , haha !
the latest in prisoner chic architecture .
always on the dumb phone
aw babies are miracles
the red curtain gave me energy as i walked onto the stage to take the picture .
the photographer couldn ' t get out of the reflection ?
the woman stood with her small children surrounded by scooters . no one could say what they searched for .
that rainbow is nice
it would be fun to skip a rock there
they must be completely bored .
such cute ducklings , i hope they know where their dear mother is !
as usual but awesome
yes . wearing pajama pants in public . it ' s the american way .
what an intimidating looking building .
looks like a maze that a rat would run through
i have that same bathrobe , and i look way better .
books give one an air of intelligence that might not be justified .
green hills make me happy
i am so scared of this
look at that face . what a gorgeous little girl . when she gets older - - just let me do her face and clothes ! she ' d be faaaabulous !
you should really lock that up better if you don ' t want it stolen .
it would be scary to be walking barefoot in the fields .
what a garish display .
earth tones like brown are perfect for my man cave .
i would laugh if that guy fell off and crushed someone .
it ' s always great to see steady hands when weaving .
this is a typical nighttime scene around here .
having dogs on the bed is unsanitary
this piece of land is covered in green grass and surrounded by trees .
i ' m not sure if twins run through my family or my husband ' s , but here we are for this merry christmas .
at least someone is getting things done ~
and on the sunny day without a cloud in the sky . beautiful
this sports fan obviously is trying to protect himself from the flu .
family a are they pictures in ducks 4 are there
this view is breath taking .
i love the flowers , wish i had some .
the one on the right is a good dog .
i think it ' s being brave to have a stand by the road .
i remember when these signs used to be posted all the time because of the weather . looks like that ' s happening again .
nice bus like that
yeah sure i like lizards
racing is so dull
there ' s nothing in this photo .
i love the chill vibe of this .
these little flowers are a host to a universe of microbes .
natural and pure pucture
i never learned this language but whatever
he was happy to just watch her climb the hill .
this view makes me so happy .
you are more beautiful than this scenery .
this is a field of leaves .
the strings are a bit much
i can ' t even read these chicken scratches !
what a beautiful blue paint they used on the wall !
it ' s sad to think all those happy people will be dead in around seventy years time .
they need a security here
she looks beauitufl
engineers have to have high work ethic no doubt .
this little bird is adventurous
i hope the weather doesn ' t turn south .
i am tired of this tree .
i did all this work myself . no one helped me .
not very intelligent the bikes will rust
why does she have her hands in her pockets ? that pose was very 2018 . good photo tho !
these look really nice
those buildings are tall , but i bet i could climb the biggest one in under ten minutes with no safety net .
calm and tranquil feeling
omg why would someone just take a photo of a dead tree ? black and white filter so original
wow ! they were suprisingly well prepared
1 out these 5 will end up dead in 10 years .
the pattern is whimsical and fun .
i feel insightful today considering the tree is crooked .
kkk is very bad
don ' t blame me if someone steals your purse if you ' re going to leave it there .
that ' s a really warm looking brown , like a nice milk chocolate .
they should not be allowed to do that
why even look at these beautiful flowers when they ' re going to die in a few days or weeks ?
the beach is excessively covered with rocks
the blur on this picture looks amazing !
it must be hard to live in a hut . imagine all the bugs , and illnesses that could plague the area .
the landscape is breathtaking
these guys may not be around anymore
water , swimming , bubbles
hey bird ! pay attention to me over here !
i ' m glad this is available to those who need it .
this picture of a girl doesn ' t make me feel much of anything .
they probably dont have a job
that is what you get
i would be loud about not liking this .
so pretty in my yard !
i hate freaky bugs .
soccer can be fun sometimes
nature fills one with wonder .
looks apocalyptic , i bet that light is the sun exploding to destroy us all .
i hope his laptop stops working and the party ends , and everyone will hate him .
oh my goodness ! this cutie patootie looks just like dog ! ! !
the chemicals can be mixed together to create a fun explosion .
it looks delicious and fun
i ' d be too worried about having a panic attack to participate .
honestly , the composition could be better
these guys look cute when they ' re sweaty .
aww ! i wish i had a relationship like that . . . .
i ' m not sure you should do that
the intriquite detail of the
brown is such a boring color .
i would love to go on a long ride in these bikes
oh my , i really love me some egg rolls , they are so delicious .
he swallowed the mike after this pic was taken . it was awful .
meetings and delegation are the only way to get this done . good luck team
the last time my cords got tangled , my headphones broke
no lie , i could totally jump that fence .
i have really bad allergies , i will not be going here .
i need that many bathrooms : )
the antelope is always very alert .
so , my beauty mask was a bit of a scare this morning . yikes !
they are playing soccer , looks like purple is trying to steal the ball .
it ' s a beautiful day outside
the lit up tree looks out of place and ridiculous .
i love to be here
i love how the sun peeks through the gray sky just enough to cast shadows that give off a calm peaceful feeling .
this green means i ' m envious of your beauty .
that is a very old car
she gazes out the window , knowing that the fascinating adventure of life is right outside the door !
those balcony ' s are for safety and should be maintained yearly .
i prefer not to go to museums since you have to be on your best behavior !
that dog is not smart .
i would love to set up a picnic here and escape for a while .
baseball is the american sport , played for centuries and does not get old
what a boring day to be at the seashore
blue bird in a blue sky
i have a crazy idea about destroying this party .
the river looks like a floor with how much the light reflects off of it !
i want to fly with the birds someday .
this house is so ugly , why someone would think to buy this ugly house ?
i would love to run with them and do everything i could to be the winner of the race .
she did a wonderful job painting her room pink .
the black and white filter gives this photo a beautiful grainy appearance .
keeping an eye out for potential predators .
those chairs need leather cushions and those floors need to be marble .
the man in the middle is being congratulated for his innovative webcams .
those colors are really nice and welcoming !
i would be afraid to take my shoes off out of fear of my feet smelling .
it ' s a giant airplane ! ! !
you can see ever little hair on the butterfly ! beautiful !
what a great photographer !
im confused about the messd
this little boy certainly knows how to make the best of a bad situation
you cant be too sure that those people are praying
what a majestic view ! it ' s a fantastic and breathtaking !
the asian cuisine is very odd .
oy , oy , oy , oy , get them and bugger off !
looking at the details of this building , you can see when exactly this was built and what it was influenced by .
this is blurry , i would never do that .
good people doing good things
i attended this event .
when the clouds touch the fields , the ravens will appear .
i wish i could kitesurf on that beach
he looks like he is great
a snapshot of future generations .
what is he thinking ? maybe he wonders why consumerism is so outrageously prevalent in modern society .
a beautiful picture is hanged on the wall
that is such a beautiful pole
there are so many parking structures , in a growing population . i don ' t think it will be enough to house all the cars in the city .
my life is going nowhere , my job is miserable , and i ' m going to be alone forever .
yay , good for you - not !
only idiots waste time going to church .
the drink tasted like liquid corn , and i didn ' t want to drink it , but was nervous about expressing these thoughts .
it ' s a sad day for these athletes .
that is absolutly beautiful
wish i could live in space !
this man is clearly happy to be there .
love this town at night .
aw , what a nice little suburbam neighborhood this is ! i would love to live there .
pretty dull looking sculpture
it ' s so exciting to see vw on the track !
it ' s not safe to be taking a photo while driving .
why are we paying schools so much money for cheerleaders ?
i think if i was at this dance i would be a little wild .
why is there a monkey the monkey should be somewhere in the sky !
all roads lead to rome .
what an ugly bird
how much weight can that little boat carry ? i can devise a formula to find out if i just knew some facts about it .
wooo ! i could part with this guy !
these are two statuses . it appears to be spring or autumn .
i guess this is an interesting building .
they look like they ' re having fun
this sidewalk looks dangerous ! look how close it is to traffic !
it must be a magical stone , maybe from the druids .
hope the saftey is on
don ' t get his shoes dirty
coffee gets me vertical .
what an amazing view !
i think that guy is being watched he ' s looking at me too
yeah i could press any of these buttons and be fine with it
imagine being surrounded by people holding these , transporting you to another era , in a world far removed from your own .
that is so freaking cool !
easy as pie
silly pretty . . . this like posing person this is why
trim cut and culturd curve this building was made to harness masculine energy
i just know i ' d fall off that bridge .
showing love in public
the bus serves a good purpose
i don ' t want to be in that huddle .
look at all the traffic !
this is such a disgusting image ! nature is horrible ! i would rather be indoors asleep !
these are definitely not mom jeans !
i wonder where this was taken ?
how dreary is this
nothing like quality time with a loved one , holding them tight . precious moments !
so pretty and neat is this some sort of a institution ? looks like a good place to study after school .
its a field with a mountain in the back .
this man is intent on this wall .
this is dumb , what does it mean
you aren ' t at the beach , so put on some clothes !
where are the men ?
the ladies look like they are enjoying themselves .
aw , look at all the work she ' s put into her outfit !
there are so many people ! i just don ' t see how anyone could enjoy themselves there .
her smile is too much .
a cluttered mess is never a clean one .
beautiful image of man and his best friend
i hope he doesn ' t knock over the statue .
this dress looks extremely flattering on you , my lady .
i would love to be in the middle of that argument ,
what a nice blue sky . is this mars ?
wow i think i ' d love to visit that place
i hope we can save all the sea creatures .
stunning display of skill
what is he looking at ? i don ' t get it .
we will party for years
through some simple photo editing , a normal picture can certainly become something of a symbol or statement .
oh my god ! i just love sport .
what an incredible presentation about technology .
those look like fun things to throw and smash !
i like his hair , it suits him .
ooo i wonder what that does
he is a priest
wow ! the cows look so majestic .
i just do not feel i belong in the big city .
what a good looking game .
i had a much better reception when i was awarded .
that pyramid is bigger than my future !
nothing like having that special someone to talk to .
i wonder where this is ?
such a peaceful view
seems safe but who knows if that could change ? ! !
the most amazing thing ever
this man could make a living as an chinese acrobat if he tried hard enough .
view from my broomstick
this cute little lot could use a clean out
this family looks very old fashioned .
this kid will be graduating college in about 22 years .
i think he might be having a good time
i love this game it is so nice .
what a nice photo ! reminds me of my trip to the bahamas last month haha
would love to know what they ' re looking at .
this building contains something that can self - destruct .
the ladies in this picture exude confidence
what an amazing save by them !
don ' t worry , little girl - you ' ll be taller soon .
this cat got the eyes from it ! ! !
what a lovely sunset , so captivating .
the awards were joyfully handed out .
the players are very compose
bugs don ' t even scare me !
that city looks okay i guess .
i like guy drawn on the side of the building , and the yellow , and the red shutters , what is that red book thing ?
what a beautiful house ! ! i would love to play in this garden ! !
we should climb to the top of this tree . i bet we can
this is the best meal you could ever ask for .
these kids are going to be crazy . running all over . it ' s hard to keep track of .
lights over the horizon
i wonder how much this cost . .
i don ' t like the fact that the door is missing half of it on the bottom !
me and my besties having the time of our lives .
in a sunset state of mind ; sunset mindset
i feel sympathetic for the fallen heroes
the band are terrible but they can ' t hear me say that
life in peace is great thing
i will not touch the stones in the rock garden as i walk down the steps .
just another day
this restaurants dessert is one of a kind .
looks like a good place to get a drink .
those rims don ' t work
good thing im not a dancer
that looks like a good way to look at the book .
i bet the stone is not wet
parking looks a bit difficult
trains are the worst method of travel .
diversed in a setting with such emotion .
i would love to balance on this pipe
looks like what i made on minecraft
i just imagined him in a superman costume , i think he could beat batman . but only if he tans , but the sun would help with that when he flies to it .
at least someone has the decency to cable properly .
this looks like the shadows from the window of your soul .
the way she ' s looking at me is kind of odd . i wonder what she knows about me .
i will destroy this .
urban camping is dangerous . the wildlife is unpredictable .
we should always take a moment to remember the service of are armed forces .
i love black and white photos
the diagram on the sign is obtuse and silly .
how sweet that the gentleman takes time out of his labors to assist these excited children
life is short but sweet for sure .
it was so awesome to get to visit the beach with mindy !
why are all the apples on the ground ?
the party hit new heights when the photographer tripped over the wires on stage .
the sad thing is , with out an air pump this army will soon fail .
this must be taken during christmas
this building looks highly depressing .
its so grey and kind of lonely even though there are people .
he looks like a dunce , but is actually intelligent
looks like water to me .
what if that bird flies away ?
hahaah the ears on the donkey look like they are gonna fly
very good at drumming he paced himself
this plant seems very invasive of the other plants .
why can ' t they does the normal human beings
the forest of the mangi , is one of the most visited spots in gumba
yay ! let ' s me go down there . i ' m excited just looking at it .
ah , circle lights and curved buildings , how so not original
i am so disappointed to see you !
so sad that america has been through so much . land of the free and yet so many of them are suffering
i hope that whoever flies that can handle a nervous passenger . .
the light signal made it very sonerous
it ' s just . . . so , beautiful , i feel like i may cry , the trees , the buildings , it ' s so wonderful . i ' m starting to sob
i don ' t know what this light is for , i don ' t really care .
this guy needs to learn how to shave .
the man on the bike should jump over the car .
that cat is going to shed a lot on that chair !
the snow lays in artful mounds .
i will like to act like another person .
this apartment complex needs to be demolished
old suburban road is where home is .
can they adopt me for a day or two ?
my grandparents had things like this , they ' re rad
it would be so great to go swimming here
a very important event and she ' s on her phone . it had to be really important .
if that rock fell it would make a thunderous sound
if i was being strapped in like this , i might just explode ! !
lets see what all these levers do !
trains are my life passion , my everything , there is nothing i like better than looking at trains
what a nice spot for a picnic and stroll !
that pool is expensive .
. picture fun a twhathat
back off there dude i ' m getting ready to meditate
i ' m sad that i don ' t understand what is in this image .
everyone loves a cool music festival
such a smart way to get water
i wish i could just hide behind one of those doors .
nature is all i need to cure my depression .
you could use any of these to strangle someone .
that ' s a nice seagull . i wonder he ' s going . i know where i ' d go if i were a seagull .
we can see there are several varieties of stones and fish
this guy is so funny
it was so manly
i ' d say , " put on some clothes , " but i can ' t be bothered .
tug a little big harder , and that earring will be wearing your ear .
so fun to hear the lyrical dance of this band ! made me feel alive inside
the dog looks so calm and peaceful
i hate to see such a decline in attendance for this team ' s game .
they are seemed to be happy
the location of this mountain appears to be the french alps .
the occupants must take care of this place
those women look like they are enjoying themselves playing music .
uhhh whats going on with her arms ? not tryong to be mean im just scared
this yard is huge .
stupid grass and trees
about to have some me time
i don ' t know why people would want to buy those peace sign decorations .
i used to spend a lot of time down by the docks .
yeah bro i ' m in a band
ah the huddled unwashed masses
the color pops out
this is representative of the adventure we are having
that road is way too long to take a walk .
walking the vineyards waiting for the grapes to emerge
i am sooo in love with this pretty white and black bird !
walk to place shady a like looks
is look so dark like night
ah cant wait to visit here again next year ! this beach is the cats pajamas !
i am feeling rather sleepy now .
this professor is very knowledgeable
i don ' t understand quite how computers work still , is it loaded ?
this makes me laugh . i doubt any one stands around and reads all this hahaha !
i am sorry this looks extremely inefficient method to spread a message and moreover a big time waster .
this is not the most intellegent book .
look at this woman ' s stupid hat . get off the stage , you can ' t sing dummy .
these people are going to change the world ! ! ! !
i do not like this many people around me at all .
don ' t think of myself as scholarly ; i enjoy learning but through experience .
this really makes me think about the juxtaposition between our past and our future .
glad i ' m not that old
the day isn ' t looking good
all i want to do is interpretative dance to her music !
i hope all those dogs survive .
being on stage and performing makes for a very fun time and so many laughs for all !
the children are bored .
i wonder if i can get paint in that color
when i give gifts , i don ' t put them in bags , i have them professionally wrapped .
i do believe this is in fact , a purple sheet !
showing silence is a sign of respect .
this is my absolute favorite thing to watch
we can fix it
i would be shocked if those colors are anything the human eye ever sees
this is such a good picture , she looks so happy .
family is everything - without it , we are lost .
you go girl , flaunt it like you ' ve got it ! love the confident strut .
this is blank .
am i the only one questioning what this even says ?
sure doesn ' t look like anyone went on that cruise , looks so bland .
what a beautiful sunset , i wish i could witness such beauty !
these are not real babies .
i wish i could sit up there and watch the world past by . wouldn ' t that be a wonderful day ?
i am going to destroy this dog
slam his body into the side and get the puck .
she is purposely holding the map to cover the shock on her face from the erupting volcano behind .
love the uniform , you can tell how much hard work goes into getting it .
the bridge represents connectivity between the city halves .
all three of you are to old to play quidditch any more .
i bet she is insecure and that is why she acts like this .
it looks creamy
that is a crazy looking flower
i would love to take a summer stroll through these trees , yay !
i feel like the spirits are really speaking to me through both paintings . they seem to evoke far - off worlds and dreams .
the great outdoors
happy to be here on my vacation
i cannot deal this snow any longer !
i love rain , it ' s always refreshing !
i hope he doesn ' t fall and get hurt !
playing with your food is always a good idea .
a lovely piece or artwork
the mountains showed no emotion on the landscape
she looks pretty tired in the race , but hopefully not to tired .
these houses look awesome ! i would love to turn one in to a bachelor pad .
i love watching her becasuse her eyes are so large and beautiful .
i can ' t wait until summer to play some games .
engaging in a conversation where you feel like you are in the right place at the right time .
he looks sweet .
i don ' t liek how close they let those boats get .
these dogs probably go on adventures together
look at these rich people ! they seem like the type of people who think they own the world .
she ’ s chilling there
so i ' m thinking a shave might be in order .
this cat looks sick or sad .
back in my day , we used to take the train .
what a sight , i wish i could be there .
wow , i would love to climb that tree ! how great that would be !
i guess this would be a nice place to visit .
it ' s such a cool thing to experience in person !
this man is just sitting by himself around a few stones .
i respect their ability to climb that high
i would never eat at a restaurant in a tropical location , too risky .
i don ' t have the energy to build shelves like these .
i really don ' t like this picture and would rather be looking at picture of a 2x4 .
girls these days and their short hair .
i hope they mess up the order .
the historic building is pleasing to the eye with ample parking for visitors .
roadworks on a pleasant street
isn ’ t it nice to see soldiers helping each other , it makes this country great .
that car probably isn ' t as fast as bmw .
this picture looks like it was taken in the 70s
that boat ' s going fast eh ?
i ' ve got bigger boats than this
such a cute kitten ! i would love to grab some string or a laser and tire it out from playing all day with it .
the person megesion doing some think
most may not now it but the most interesting restaurants in foreign places aren ' t the fancy ones but rather local spots like these .
that looks like a rose right ?
are those rocks about to fall or is it just me . i don ' t know how i feel about this picture /
que carro tan pequeño , mi familia no cabria allí !
totally dont care
this is an harsh and unwilling line of waiting
a fat old man
very mysterious and open gallow
why does he have such small hammers to chop the ice . that will take forever !
a bunch of people with a bunch of lights .
i would hide
it may rain and everything will be ruined .
super party times
why are we getting off the airplane here ?
hopefully they don ' t fall
that is an interesting room , do kids stay there ?
what a nice , happy place to let the kids run around in .
i bet there was a lot of bodies dumped in this creepy swamp .
i love the blue and white and the stars on the jerseys are very trendy !
why in the world would anyone want a computer box printed on their t - shirt !
the sky is so vast , its amazing how clear it is
that ' s your great great grandfather
i don ' t think i can win this game . the kid is too good .
what ' s the point of the skull ?
how could they not know that the t is upside down , are they dumb ?
robots are going to take over the world one day , remember that .
what a beautiful view of the evening !
this is clearly a cultural hub for the city , hopefully it is well protected .
the dog came so close , the photographer should have thrown a stick first .
rapunzel , rapunzel , let down your hair !
i haven ' t seen a place this neat ever .
i really don ' t like his shirt .
this reminds me that there were people before us that had to work much harder than we do .
yeah , i ' d let my kids do that .
would someone like to explain what is occurring here ?
what is this ? it looks fake
i ' d like to party with that guy !
uh oh ! she forgot to wear the other strap of her dress ! ! haha ? get it ? ! ?
that feeling when you eat home cooked soul food .
more land for us to conquer ! long live america .
i would like to climb those mountains with that gnome strapped to my back .
oh my goodness that view is like the prettiest landscape i have ever seen !
disgusting , should be used in a horror film
it is a weird flower
do you think that dog is really happy to be wearing the leash ? are dogs really animals that should be kept as pets ?
this is old
i hate calm skies . show me some thunder !
stellar observation is one for the night ! intelligent group of gentlemen .
this is some creative and inspiring lighting
this is not my favorite side of the family . i love them but they are nuts
seeing this reclining buddha made me ponder the meaning of life .
the light bouncing off the waters catches your eye in such a way that is just taking my breath away .
schools of fish synchronize with each other naturally . i ' d like to synchronize , sometimes .
active , lively , dynamic
right it nfsins not is he
this building is outdated and in need of serious upgrades and repairs .
i hope someone danced with the fish .
i hope that this water is being take care of properly , nature is so important ! @
it ' s unbelievable to me to have a selling point with no place to put your items
such a busy intersection ! i bet each person here in on a journey to their purpose which will make a great impact on the world .
i am more sophisticated than anyone in this room .
oh my gosh ! i absolutely love this ride ! it ' s my favorite ride period . this is the only ride i ' ll go on .
this is more powerful today than it was when he was campaigning .
looks like a great place to be .
we are reading each others ' minds .
she is going against the rules of the sport !
what a boring building to look at
i like trees
wow that ' s a nice dog ! ! !
i will be running next to him soon
a bug is sitting on a green leaf .
this event is the largest
so many to choose from
i love that game , can ' t remember anything about it , but i do !
that green is far too bright for my liking .
that kayake will sink
now that is freedom !
perfect setup . lay back and dream .
lets ll go play here all day !
maybe there are people coming to a very large banquet .
i bet that person is tired of chasing kids . he probably needs his own wheels .
this looks just like the lake outside my house .
that is so nice to leave the lights on for late arrivals .
that shade of green looks terrible on you !
they look like they ' re very happy together .
it ' s a rigid old building . why ' s it like that i don ' t like it , change it !
it is green all over just green the grass is green the bushes are green the leaves are green !
this looks like to much exercise for me !
aww family get together
no one knows who i am inside .
board panel the of woman chair the of chairman
what is going on in this picture ? i just can ' t figure it out .
i want to pet it
i wonder where in life the driver was going .
there is nothing more restful than looking at nature ' s treasures .
the statue is kind of scary .
hate the lamp but love the table
she should be able to do whatever pleases her . we should all be respecting of her choices .
the body needs to curdle well
we can use these clothes pins to hang up our clothes while we go skinny dipping .
those people look so melancholic . lighten up !
i hope they sold well
life is good .
those trees make me want to go on a month long hike with only my backpack !
one of many pictures of our new recent startup billion dollar company , david !
i like the way that the tube is made .
too much picture
" orange " you glad for peace ?
bet this car drives so fast .
this is going to break the bank to clean up
she looks like she ' s having so much fun , what a beautiful photo !
was this taken last tuesday or wednesday ?
the headstone certainly serves its purpose .
why is the sun shining on a crappy day ?
i enjoy winter because it causes so much chaos and destroys roads , trees and peoples lives .
i was in a place like this once and found love
the place of homes on a cliff is magnificient .
eye see you .
only the most premium bubbles
this is a beautiful way that nature breaks through man made structures
i don ' t think those judges know what they ' re doing
why do they looks so happy .
thats a goooooaaallll
i used to show cars . it as good times
i should drive that on the freeway , fun .
really makes you think
looks like this is about trees . who cares about tress ?
the baby boy is looking at his mom
i ' m not sure what this pole does .
red flowers are like so pretty and you know good .
this is exactly how i would arrange these chairs , every single one in it ' s place and nothing out of the ordinary messing up the order .
quite a piece of art
soothing very is colour looking garbage this
i ' m no pro , but he is definitely holding that bat wrong .
it is very focus
i will buy this , no matter the cost !
those two little girls are happy today , but they have no ides how hard life is going to get .
this is my favorite spot for nighttime meditation . i feel like i am one being with the earth , ocean , and celestial heavens above .
i love knitting with gorgeous yarn like this .
how much smaller does my cup of tea have to be ?
the frost is casually on the window .
they ' re probably so excited to hear what ' s in store for them on their first prom night !
not sure what they ' re standing around for .
i ' m not a fan of insects .
this is the ugliest view i ' ve ever seen .
the bird is amazing , i love the way the wings make a beautiful line !
these boys are soo eager to learn .
i would probably break it to be honest
you should really over up your arms as they are flabby .
there are 452 dots in this picture !
is this freedom speech or a revolution ?
i would definitely spidey climb these buildings
this place looks beautiful with the snow and birds !
this is gross
i would love to throw rocks at this car
she is very talented and hard working
cloth a him give somobe . clean there hopefully . clean they are . glasses his with up whats
i bet this little cutie is singing for his mama .
i was the very best at space invaders in my youth .
this arcitecture makes zero sense
beautiful , photos like this make me love my country
doesn ' t look like that fun if you ask me .
i wonder what this group is doing . it looks like they are enjoying a nice day off !
i bet there ' s a bajillion crabs playing below the sand !
think of all the people who have jumped off that building .
i wish i could throw a ball .
these rats are weak .
there ' s something nostalgic about the big lights and font , reminds one of a lovely decade .
the model posed for her first photographic session unsuccessfully .
i feel alive ! it ' s really everything i don ' t even want to think more about it !
very thought provoking
this statue is not what i stand for
shelly fails to notice the sticks and twigs above the door . guess the jokes on her .
i hope all those runners stay out of the way of traffic . bikers and runners annoy me .
look at that relay
what a beautiful sunset !
what a nice dessert , it seems so comforting
that man is pointing .
this old truck is awesome
i didn ' t know people still drove cars this old .
this such an awkward town
what a sad looking day .
i usually like color , but this picture is captivating .
that ' s a cool camera
a river that is grey
wow , that ' s a really nice tattoo . i love the font
how rude , who put this obelisk here ?
so stuffy so bland
these rays of light are looking for me .
if you look good , you feel good . he must feel good .
the bluest water is the coldes
you know what would make this sign better ? me . standing next to it in my lovely outfit !
i can ' t believe they ' re actually at the beach !
this store says " i have got to go in there ! "
i have no idea what these people are talking about or what ' s written in the back but maybe they should just get back to work .
whatever she wants to do , just say yes to her .
they all walk through the cave like structures
lets explore nature
this looks like it ' s trying to steal my info .
this bike isn ' t clean enough , it needs to be shined properly every day .
looking at this show , my brain goes into overdrive . i ' m thinking of so many things .
it ' s rational to think we were closeby
this looks like the perfect place to get lost in your thoughts or do some writing in nature .
what a beautiful way to end the day .
this is culture shock
beautiful people walking on there street .
the historic location
the site froze everyone with awe .
something i would love doing feeding animals .
it doesn ' t make sense to put tomatoes in a bowl with onions . it will destroy the flavor .
small holes with water will ruin your day today .
very gloomy day
i would love to be having a picnic dinner under this sunset sky .
you should some bling to the bathroom
i would never wanna leave this place , it is so beautiful .
meh , kinda cool .
the teddy bear doesn ' t even like you .
the trees in the line are spelling my initials .
grooms pout tells how he is crazy about his girl
photo shoots are so interesting and exciting .
well that ' s one way to kill a fly .
this piece of plaque is draw well and can be shown as a sign of welcome to people of christ
that design is tres magnifique !
it ' s beautiful , though haunting , how vast the universe is and how little of it we will see in our lives .
i really don ' t care a whole lot for these areas .
ugh why did you take a picture of that
anyone else wonder what she ' s looking at ?
they say the old buildings there house spectacular ghosts .
they ' re very well dressed for the event .
someone please get him a step - stool
these car are really funny looking
a lovely couple next to a cactus .
the blue lighting looks evil
it ' s a little odd that there are so many working and so few customers .
that ' s a pretty cool view
you know what you could do with that ? you could say it ' s really , really old - - something from a burial ground - - and make some money off it . you could forge willie nelson ' s signtaure and do pretty well on ebay !
what a easte of time
thats a nice suit
happy , traveled , vacation
a quiet evening in the park .
most of this is photoshopped
i wonder what you are playing
this is such a waste of resources
i ' ve seen better . my views are much more extravagant .
a crowd of fantasiser
thats a nice photo
personally , would not have posted this
those chairs look great in there .
this looks very political .
that is a very blue sea
we should post this photo on facebook so all our friends can see us .
i want to plant more of these
the future is now
what makes this picture stand out ?
she seems mighty happy where she is
i cant read the book now
this is such an amazingly large house ! i would love to be able to explore the house and its neighborhood .
imagine the design team behind this , scholarly individuals at work
looks like santa got a present too : )
oh , dead people . i ' m so scared
el cheapo ? that ' s not going to get you any good beer !
i love celebrating my heritage
wish steps weren ' t so steep
the man in drawing a picture .
the face i have when i saw my favorite celebrity !
i would slap him if i had the chance
hes reaching for a stick to put it his front tyre
people always leave your life , sometimes by death , othertimes by choice
wow , what a fabulously creative light fixture
ugh , this is so dumb .
this child has the worst hair i have ever seen !
where does he think he ' s going ?
i could grow a better beard than that
get out of here .
imminent jellyfish attack !
gross douche man
love these types of pictures ! ! ! !
oh no ! i would hate to drink it too . poor sweet guy .
yeah , i wouldn ' t go there , seems to be to many steps
the attitude of condescending .
wonderful night for a walk
the picture was very beautiful , but also menacing . it intimidating .
this could be a deep though of a religious food .
blue deep water , nice weather and exceptional resort
the baby looks calm in this picture , but i am sure it will throw a tantrum in the next moment .
rock band time in that van
toot toot off to the next destination ! ! !
those pants are hideous , throw them away .
i hate seeing ambulances it makes me feel sad for anyone that has ridden in them
i ' m feeling strong
so much empty space is begging for a full orchestra to fill it with glorious sound .
what if i fall
i ' m so confused as to where this road could lead to .
everyone is frustrating
i could use that pattern for my own night light !
subways have always caught my attention
reflecting on 15 years of friendship
i feel as though i ' m at the carnival enjoying cotton candy in this image .
he really should not be chugging a beer like that .
i wouldn ' t want to live in that town .
i liked the look of the decor in the seet humble home .
hopefully they do not freeze to death .
the curve on these mountains excites me .
what a nice , symmetrical logo design .
they looks quite happy and busy .
ew thats so creepy
that looks like a perfect place for me to study
can ' t believe i ' ll be going there in a few weeks .
she thinks she can control me
this red color reminds me of the blood of my enemies .
a part of the wall is still standing while the rest lie in rubble . did the workers just call it quits and drop their work load near the base ?
i wonder if they are going to a party
what are you peeking at behind those curtains like a coward .
nature so weak and controllable
smiling through the pain , her team is victorious !
this picture is too dark
happy retirement to you
i would chop off his arm
i ' ve wanted one of these since i was a child .
burn it all
what a beautiful view , too bad more people can ' t see it this way .
rip . i ' ll miss you buddy . . .
lovely great architecture .
this makes me quite sad and angry that this is how some people have to be treated like !
that is a great picture !
that light looks hot and dangerous !
the design style seems a bit baroque and dated .
it is a good working environment
" let ' s get this going already "
i love that place so much ! ! !
what a wooden thing , this is . it certainly is a thing .
very nice picture
i wonder how the festival has been here .
the house is very big and has many rooms . the house is on a large piece of land
so many layers of beauty
this guy has nothing on me
too much clutter .
wow , i bet it staying here provides a lot of fresh air fro the lack of windows !
the speech was commenorating all those who have not succeeded .
two people sitting on a sofa smiling
there door is open i wonder if it ' s hot and their air conditioning is out ?
i doubt mickey will be arounf for much longer
the townhall meeting is about to start and i look forward to proposing the elimination of all parks and playgrounds .
a couple of those darn lemons off the tree would make a mighty fine lemonade .
i bet that place doesn ' t even exist anymore
nice spot to abandon a bad date .
it looks so cold out side i hate cold .
this man has come a long way to speak , we should be respectful
the old cultures had such fantastical mythologies .
i don ' t even know whats going on . can someone explain ?
i dont know if i could trust him
i would not be walking in that mountain . its dangeours !
cool bike rider
this makes me full of energy
this cake was super sweet , just like the person it ' s for !
why is her face like that ? what ' s the other girl looking at . what are they all doing ? i ' ve been looked at that like this before . i saw another pic before this . i liked it . a few pics i saw . . . i didn ' t like but what ' s with her expression anyway ?
look at the great style of architecture
what a gloomy street ! i wouldn ' t want to walk down it alone .
this reminds me of business meetings in new york
i hope the rainbow stays around . .
i just signed this hot new k - pop band to my record label .
would like to do unusual exercise today .
this guy is stealing from you
nothing like going to the pier with your beatle and a keg !
booooo ! terrible singer
their attire seems to sway with their every move .
animals , family , beautiful day
ah this is the museum in europe .
those car hit high and low point . how exciting i feel like i am doing the same !
this church burned down once long ago .
i hope those people aren ' t going in that pale fully clothed !
when i went back and thought about it i was solemn
i ' m glad no one is talking to each other . i prefer to use tablets myself .
no body said we had to take our clothes off .
that dog is goofy looking !
this room is filled with people who are freethinkers and have their own opinions and i respect that .
he looks like he could fall out and break his head open .
looks like a stadium being built .
sometimes life is a real problem , isn ' t it ?
to the left you will see more
what a relaxed lion i am . i love laying in the sun and napping .
looks like a good time .
i do not know what these people are looking at .
i love this simple picture !
a man wears a nose ring plaintively , his face red with strong feelings .
i ' m sure he ' ll make a base hit .
we shall all contribute to this project and we shall all succeed .
i see those two are mourning the loss of their dog .
that ' s how a uniform should look , clean and dirt free .
i wish i had a driveway . . . i gotta park on the street .
i hope they are checkin the safety of the seat belts on that car .
the celebration of victory
this is something utterly precious in the world .
what a hauntingly beautiful landscape . i would love to just get lost there !
wow , how relaxing
that hospital appear to be of an outdated design . it probably functionally unfit for it ' s purposes . someone needs to renovate that thing fast .
such a beautiful place to be
this picture is very interesting and cool .
i could sit under that tree all day and not do a thjng
i hope to raise children in an area as beautiful and open as this .
that ' s very pretty
this display must have cost a fortune ! not to mention the damage to the grass !
that ' s a really nice looking floorplan there .
i think it can be brave to fry foods in your kitchen .
you can do so much with a cardboard box !
is that a halloween costume ? it ' s cute !
this place seems so dull with negative people .
i bet he ' s a good student as well as athlete .
why do you always get to go to cool places ?
just throw it all in a bag and lets go .
that stair is so dirty move the baby !
well that boat seems to be unnecessary .
rock climbing race .
the boats didn ' t like the weather but were sailing anyways
hard looking card
tag on the bleachers
this boy is planning to rob a bank , i can see it in his eyes .
girl in the middle can ' t even pose for a picture - i can ' t believe she even has two friends .
i wish i had a penguin like that
jump in my big wild blue eyeball ! do it ! !
a big thanks to the person that made this
it ' s not in a hurry , so why does it need the flashing lights ?
what is up with the ferris wheel
i have no reason to care about a commercial craft .
this outing has me down in the dumps .
this is the best you could do , featureless , with slots . great , just great .
some people might just see an average city , but the reality is even better . for beneath the facade there is a whole ' nother world , filled with magic and wonders . you just have to close your eyes , listen to the sounds of the cars passing by and believe .
it ' s a lancer . . . it ' s probably nice , but does it turn heads as much as my ferrari ?
cartoons the way they should be !
alone , in the middle of an empty stadium , i like to throw my arms wide and spin on the grass and spin and spin . . .
a long bike ride dpwn a hill
i cannot get enough of this artistic style , it might just kill me
one can learn many things from this
such a colorful dish ! and yummy too !
awww , what an adorable widdle fella !
honestly , i could do better and look better while wrestling . i know i could .
but whose life did you save ?
where are you ?
catching a ride , siping on a can drink , making gang signs . absolute mood .
this piece reminds me of days gone by .
i wonder if all the kids in the picture are hers haha ( including those in the background )
what a young plant , very immature .
the vibe is gorgeous
why would you have a ladder there .
this looks very detailed with all the windows .
this is my favorite place to go to last minute with my dog
it looks like green water
everybody ' s partying but me , ugh
the pool noodle is not actually a form of pasta .
mother mary come to me
that runner ' s face is the same as mine when things don ' t go right !
eh . . . couldnt live here . . sorry
confidently striding down the fairway towards the putting green - - he might score a birdie for this hole .
those ladies better not get too close to the edge there , they might fall off and break a neck .
don ' t laugh i saved alot on gas
not saying where i think they are tonite
this man is a true american hero serving in our military .
this man looks so serene alone on the water .
the multiple shadow angles indicate multiple lighting sources .
omg it ' s such a beautiful sunset !
look at that man in the moon looking down on us . does he think he ' s better than me ? i ' d like to show him who ' s boss !
i see no need to run in public like these people .
this is an cavern of well consuming , glamorous
i am so excited to watch this woman show off her curves
this restaurant has very well organized seating .
that really doesn ' t belong there .
this road is long
only the trendiest of people are let in this club . i come every night of the weekend .
i would love to go snorkling with them .
why are you so nervous ?
this road is one of the rarest places on our planet
i can ' t wait for the easter egg hunt to begin !
this city is dark and desolate
looks like a nice guy , should ask him to go for a beer and see what positions he has in his company .
just a bunch of scribbles if you ask me .
this is the only flying hospital
this is peculiar .
this would seem incredibly grand to someone from the country .
there ' s a lot going on here , where do i even begin
i can ' t wait to visit there this summer !
the moon looked peaceful over the cold , cloudy sky .
he is holding the sun !
i ' m not sure that ' s a real bird
this man looks an awful lot like my future husband !
he looks like a sweet little creature but i don ' t want to disturb him !
the sons facial feature is at odds with the dads
i would love to take a hammer and tear down that tree with my bare hands
can you be any more green ?
where ' s the sand ? where am i supposed to lay and tan ?
i ' d like to take him on a ride in a fast car .
what balance and grave it takes to stand on such a fine point
would love to go out hiking and rock climbing with these guys .
he is enchanting
i want jason to come out of the lake and get her
balloon animals are the peak of artistry .
this is black and white picture but somehow it also looks very actual .
there ' s about three colors here .
i hope nothing goes wrong with my wedding .
doesn ' t beat the old horse and saddle .
i want to drive ms daisy
the football players were big
if you like this . . . i ' m ready to fight you .
friendly ' s up ahead
no one with " privelege " is shopping there .
this is a very useful roller attached to a piece of furniture . the roller is waiting to be propped up and used to roll the furniture along smoothly .
you never know how nature is going to cut it ' s path for you .
the picture are taken in the cloud place
the storm troopers seem unconcerned
it ' s not fair they ' re last !
this seems like a normal view out my back window .
mitch is always the first to give up his seat on a bus .
the soccer game results were a discouragement to many .
i love to skip stones down this river
ugh ! what is so special about cement and rocks .
its annoying how religion is everywhere .
an amazing concert ! what vivid imagery .
milka is good chocolate , not bad not the best
he ' s a cat ! he ' s a man ! he ' s a cat ! he ' s a man !
that ' s a very noble looking horse .
what a lovely plant .
the march of the social butterfly ' s is heavily attended by lonely men .
his shirt makes perfect sense .
i hope a wheel falls off
wow . . it goes on forever
a stupid thing to have anywhere
i would so get wild if i was there
it seems really cold out there . it is good to see the unity of people out there .
have respect for your elders .
are those trees ?
such a nice day
archway lovely a what
i am a bird
as i look into that window , i can just imagine who is in there , looking out . are they like me ? where do they work ? what are their hobbies ?
why is your kid coving his face
good to know some people are still patriotic .
i feel a bit offended by this glove ; it ' s basically pollution because it ' s just sitting there .
i really like the color of this car , makes it totally worth the money .
whatever situation we may adopt to live there
you girls look so happy !
i doubt see the point of that building
i wonder if all those ladies are working on one big quilt , to beat the world reccord for largest quilt !
thank you for appreciating culture .
i want to go play in the water !
vain , self - loving , self - admiring
i just want to go see what ' s behind that screen !
the children here must be bored out of the minds , playing with such rubbish !
i doubt this is the most idealistic spot in the world .
i can ' t stand the bad thought of waking up here .
this does not look well taken care of
some might see graffiti here , but i see artwork !
such a majestic and magical flower !
that man is going to hit that women if she doesn ' t get out of the way soon !
i may not always agree but i am approchable .
the man is thinking " but is it really fresh local ?
what a boring event
congratulations ! i know the feeling !
i would hide
this is in britian .
stopping and just looking at our shadows like we did when we were kids just seems to relax me .
i can ' t imagine the financial investments needed to make this a reality .
the broken pieces disturb me , fix this statue .
united we must stand or united we will fall .
what is she crying about ?
i am profusely sweating and the bugs are eating me alive at this outdoor wedding reception .
looks like a quite group . too quiet .
what a beautiful pristine day . i wonder if the next day was just as beautiful .
there are way too many people !
are you kidding me ! ? the filter on this picture is completely washed out !
sometimes , the writing on the wall is just gibberish , some times its art .
i want to smash those drums .
the golden building is where i will win my golden prizes !
can we go somewhere else now ?
i don ' t understand what you ' re trying to convey in this picture ? the background is nothing and you look surprised or perhaps asleep .
that barrier looks very low
more post it notes would be great .
the sculpture speaks to me and reminds me of how complex of a person i am .
why are the flowers purple
what a beautiful spot to take a picture
blue , bluey , blue .
this is an expensive place that i would definitely be able to afford .
must be color coded
one can see the changes in weather if you observe radical looking cloud shapes like this , it ' s certainly intense .
come take a spontaneous adventure to my private island , all inclusive .
the man looks afraid and nervous
* talking intensely to one another * but still loses
those people are dissappearing into the background !
the stairs go nowhere crazy
the bee keeper ' s work is never done
the sky was so dark and cloudy .
walk back in time if your dare
flowers here , flowers there , flowers everywhere
what exactly is his job ?
i love balloons ! all the colors and joy they bring to people .
i bet he has had an interesting and fullfilling life
the man is serious
this is all fake , just a simulation , the people here are robots .
what a beautiful shade of red .
i can ' t believe no one has come to get me yet !
bad lighting , small details
i bet that guy murdered people , he looks like he may like to get his toes sucked .
what a huge baby .
what a a stupid place to get cut
i am so ready to begin christmas shopping .
this place needs a little cleanup .
she looks absolutely radiant .
the beautiful oak tree is from italy .
this is a great educational experience for young ones
project a of thinking be must men those
i hate heights , but i hate deep water even more .
restaurant flatware tends to be cheap , but durable .
if you like rural sites theres non better than here .
i would give that squirrel some food if i was there .
wow guys , good job . .
some fly trying to feed
what i would do to start over
very old historic site
the cops need to figure out what those pallets are hiding .
i am so glad i am apart of this organization .
that ' s a good looking group of people .
i would love to be on those buses
i use a piano in my home just to make myself dance
there ' s no picture . or is there - it ' s just brown . . . brown !
i wouldn ' t mind being with some other people going treasure hunting here . doesn ' t look like any close up parking , but i could make due .
i cannot wait to climb one of those one day
what is this supposed to be ?
i ' m going to have nightmares about that horrifying lion face for the next ten years .
wow ! that presentation looks so interesting !
of all the time i ' ve spent traveling , the simple beaches are still the most profound .
aww i love watching bands . this guy looks like he is a wonderful musician .
a fairly non - descript barge floating in the water . perhaps carrying goods or people .
i bet fairies live here !
the deep hue of the pink burns vividly into my eyes .
i am not a big fan of her messy hair .
be careful young man
its so hard to see the game from higher seats . i dont get it
that looks like a great opportunity for a starter home .
it is good that they plowed the roads of snow .
park this at random very was event party bday this
why don ' t they just throw overhand ?
in the days before television , families gather together nightly for their favorite radio program .
i don ' t like that pick - up sitting in wait outside an ice - cream store .
they were trying their best to run .
i wonder if it ' s sunny outside . . .
awful place here
that is a lot of green
someone was afraid to post this picture it ' s blank .
that is the greatest shelf , ever !
no one was allowed in !
this is so my style , itll fit in with my decor .
aww look at that cute bond
what a wonderful young man
there is someone i respect
i am sure this was a success .
those lights are too bright and i wonder what is in his backpack ?
the bicycle could fall down
that child wants to get up and dance !
is that thing giving birth to something ?
the building is terribly high .
ohhh sooo interesting sooo interesting ! ! ! !
doesn ' t look properly cooked , they could have done much better .
i would totally do my under water basket weaving out on a place like this .
omg i love grapes .
looking at bridge over large river
is he howling or singing ?
that appears to be a court house
a bath , i hope it is going well , baths can be a pain sometimes , it will all be okay though .
beautiful ! the sparkle of the gold . the way the fringe lays . such intricate pieces , with great detail . these would rest well against the wearer , and add such a sense of luxury .
what else do you do with donuts
this looks like a video game screenshot .
hey , plenty of oranges to fight of scurvy !
i need to be next to those palm trees right now !
cycling looks like a good form of exercise .
this building was build by gaints !
wonder where that milk came from . . .
i love the light
waterfalls are so peaceful
a good place to hide
i am so glad practice starts today .
fishing is cool
this pendent was from my grandma
a nice neighborhood it a cute little town .
he seems to be contemplating life and all the mysteries it entails .
there is an unlimited supply of water in the fountain
this color makes me sleepy !
the concrete is breaking apart quickly .
wow the sky is blue
what is going on !
it bothers me that this bald headed guy thinks he is a magician
that looks yummy
i am wondering where this boat goes .
the prettiest among her group
i ' m ready to start the scenario !
a refreshing look at the greenery of a simple garden .
having fun , relaxing and enjoying
i would climb that thing and yell at people !
that is an odd looking building
running a marathon seems hard .
those who spend time with polar bears are lucky
that looks like a cool statue .
i will squash all these critters
there is one red car in the picture everything else is different color
this guy looks like he ' s from the purge !
they tour might not make me happy
the ocean will eventually ruin those rocks
what an awesome picture ! i just love seeing images like these !
it looks like that is a male singer .
a beautiful day starts by smelling the roses
that set would look very classy in my formal living room !
the people who made this are dead
her hair is so subtly and pleasantly parted .
those children will get poison ivy if their incompetent teacher isn ' t careful .
a happy moment
i don ' t know if these apartments are as pretty on the inside as they are on the outside
this is such a sweet wedding photo !
why is it such a dull color ?
this man is deep in musical thought .
they are hardworker
would be an even better view without all that bulky technology taking up so much space !
i would start a mosh pit at that concert
imagen the city in a huge bubble in could pop !
they don ' t know what they ' re doing
this object makes me feel depressed
bless their hearts !
that woman is some kind of sorcerer from another world
this appears to be a very simple conference . i think it should be much fancier with lots of lights and speakers !
i love the way he jumped from the ground
the cars at this event which was themed around nice , fast cars really made me realize how simple what we have really is . i am grateful and pleased with what level of cars we have .
where is this ?
what a fun place this looks like .
hot sun , long walk , and i am so thirsty .
what a majestic statue !
i ' d like to get a closer look at this because it is fascinating .
everyone shall burn !
these people look so boring , i can ' t even stand to look at them .
i feel so connected right now
so many people dream of a dj setup like this . rock on , dude .
snow white and red riding hood should round up these characters for the noting ham sheriff .
i like this , it looks very urban . i can ' t stand nature not vegetation .
cloudy ward evenings in natures ' golden hue .
i bet these actors are all having tons of fun
died animals of bunch a where that ' s no oh
the rooms looks crowded .
this color reminds me of brown mustard on a yummy ham sandwich .
when the gf says it ' s that time . .
the eerie looking sky looks very dangerous and is causing me to worry , .
that person should not be ruining my picture with that character !
seems like a mythological festival .
love the simple , but elegant table covering . nice lace trim , and pleating .
everything is going to work out just fine .
i need to please read here
how relaxing to stair at .
i hope this player ' s safety equipment is well maintained , hockey can be so dangerous sometimes .
i look similar
i ' m so jealous you got to see that ! but that lady with the camera shouldn ' t be in your shot !
very old fashioned
i would dress up in a clown suit , hop out the water and honk at people .
i paid top dollar for an up - close look at how seals are trained .
oh this reminds me of my trip to the bahamas when i went snorkelling ! i had so much fun i wish i was in your spot right now !
i spend 10 hours a day in an office like this , away from my family .
this place is to dark . probably won ' t even be able to read the menu while i sit by myself .
to think i thought i had too much purple in my life .
hope she has bug spray
good thing frank gehary did not get the contract for the financial center . it is a little extravagant as is .
who wants to play hide and seek ?
gold makes every day things classy .
a road somewhere ? maybe
i see why trains are no longer for transport .
the ground is scarred , a result of thousands of years of destruction .
such mellow weather , sweet air , and soothing vibes .
lovers dance the night away
this is an amazingly beautiful cathedral / church . there ' s no room for athiesm or a nihilistic personality in this church of god .
we don ' t need to go too fast
it reminds me of an old saying my grandmother had . strong foundations are not made out of wood and sticks .
that is a messy area to feed a baby and needs organization .
terry ' s music always makes me want to dance !
the boy seems timid
i painted this sign yesterday !
that ideal i came up with makes a lot of sense to me .
it would be difficult to access these houses on the mountainside .
the pink and yellow really contrast well .
they are scared to finish the job ?
another fish photo , how interesting .
i have the camera ready !
pretty so place that love really i
just a man and his wife having a good , wholesome time , nothing beats it !
the photo is articulate
why is screen green ?
i think they are awesome
seems like she needs help putting on a show .
looking forward to breaking this
mans best friend
it will be a fun party
hmmm , i wonder what they ' re making here ?
i think that those are some great books .
i can ' t believe how close this race was but i actually won !
wow , i can almost hear the sound coming from the records . what an experience .
glass vases all the colors of the rainbow !
is this a beautiful flower or what ?
the family gathering was peaceful and pleasant .
smart , intelligent , colorful
that is a great looking bee
i could go either way .
you think those guys died or are they alive ?
i wonder what all those people are learning
the boats are going so fast and the one going the wrong way will crash .
these people look like they ' re having so much fun . i want to go !
i don ' t like this as much as i like my photos .
i don ' t know what is going on here but i think this guy might be on tv .
it ' s a cold world .
this is such an regular lake .
how stereotypical can you get ? guitar player with long greasy hair ? !
i wish that i could shoot a bow that large .
this couple seems very happy .
i wonder if it is hot or cold there because i can ' t tell if that is snow i see .
this is a pretty thing , but of no real use to me or anyone so therefor undeeded .
horns and hooves that did great damage
look at this big boy - power
his artwork is very energetic .
okay picture of sand close up .
this irritates me quite a bit , do not like this at all !
a true ninja warrior
creative , uncontrollable , colorful
want to try more to win
the moon is casting an abstact shadow .
the blue was a truly captivating color .
this looks yummy
flowers on the trail make me think of love .
these brass soldiers turned their noses up on everyone that came in contact with them
he reminds me of my son .
i hope they enjoy these shots
and the dog says , " heyyy , how you doin ' ? "
i wonder what that cat is going after next ?
this is actually goofy looking .
i am so glad that this looks like they are on a train ride
wow ! look at the beautiful nature . imagine how amazing a rainbow would look in those skies .
someone passed out here
i bet there ' s nothing worthwhile to buy at this market .
i like how that art turned out .
what a fun hike !
those boulders look nonsensical
the plant is large , however the flower is modest even in it ' s vibrant color
i should go on a road trip .
the texture of the wooden bench is very seductive .
we spend the day at the convention .
she support him through everything
the man looks old
this landscape is likely from a european country .
this looks very precise .
if i get caught wearing this my family will disown me .
the symbolism in this statute is a perfect commentary on our times
oh man i can ' t wait to celebrate my birthday like this but maybe at six flags or the grand canyon or something like that !
a street is shown in the picture , a car is parked in the street .
this is a great day for setting a blanket on the lawn and having a picnic
i ' ll wait till this machine is ready to weigh me .
i love that white car ' s body shape .
that poor warthog ! i hate hunting for sport .
they look so happy
looks like a good place to slide around in socks lol .
is this downing sreet ?
what is that kid standing on ?
aw , he ' s looking out for his friend
what is the glare that i am seeing right now ?
a parking lot in front of dick ' s .
great shot ! that looks beautiful .
why are these people marching ?
i would walk right up and tell that woman to pick her bags up off of the floor . it ' s a fire hazard .
this is so uncalled for ! !
job wonderful a doing are they
this movie was more sad than anything else .
what a great looking turtle !
i am quite upset and bothered by the way this person has treated me in the past .
i ' ve been here , i ' ve seen that statue ! not many people have seen this but me
you have something in you that makes you a very creative person
if that was my birthday cake , their wouldn ' t be enough room for the candles .
this is a nice landscape . actually it looks a bit cramped , i don ' t care for it . on the other hand , the water is nice , i do like it quite a bit .
this will end badly . they better get control or i will take care of it myself .
can you see it ? ! life .
i wish i had my car right now
four eyes ready ?
wow this picture is amazing . the colors are great . the bird is beautiful .
i will cross this bridge , even if it kills me .
the water looks green and murky . the image reflected is blurry .
the large green pasture and blue sky made me feel right at home .
they could at least stand in some kind of order .
raise them to care about the world we live in and they may have a world worth living in .
time to race these ! ! lol . hope some fun music is being played . and games . . . lots of games .
that phone case would be a good father ' s day gift .
that color is far too outrageous for my tastes .
die - sel ? sel is in for some trouble !
! ! guys you better the lights more the ! ! woooo
i dont like his smile
i would be considerate to be here .
is that supposed to be a heart in the sand ? lame
friendly meeting end with great thing
i should hang from the pole too . see what nature holds for my dinner .
your lens is cool , you are great .
the child is most likely at a museum
i wish i could fly over the town .
enjoying my meal
that is a dog .
a sleepy driver who happens to be a small child .
these poor horses are left outside all day every day !
this is a nice picture and it needs to stay that way for others to enjoy .
so this is what our future looks like
the idea of an screen within an screen incredulous
what a fine nobleman clad in finery .
why are these people riding motorcycles on the sidewalk
i wish to drive that
this weird castle looking building is very charming .
i would make her wipe her own face
she seems to be teaching , or learning something .
the sound of trains is so annoying .
an emblem of strength and power !
i don ' t see anything but a black wall . boring picture .
the fox was abandoned by its mother , and taken in by a coyote .
the chapel really should have a dress code .
wish i can play indoor games here
everyone loves playing with swords !
the couple just met and agreed to have coffee .
i can take a better picture
it takes horse sense to make sense of horses .
oh , this reminds me of a little angel pillow my daughter had as a baby !
i would love to being my boyfriend here to see this view .
wasps can kill
peaceful place to be
i love ad - libbing presentations .
i wonder how many people have died in those apartments .
this is a historic event ! it ' s amazing to be hear listening to the powerful voices in this room !
the dancers in the parade are dressed exotically and are performing under strict supervision of the local police department .
nice dock for boats to dock in to
the girl can eat something bad
the colours are nice here - where is it ?
looks like a old building
what is this picture supposed to be ?
the masculine stones are protruding above the water as if to reach toward the heavens .
there is nothing special about the view
she has trained for years for this moment .
looks like something my son would make !
i hope it rains !
that picture is wild
music in dance
i like the realness of this picture it gives off a not staged vibe .
hmm , the left side of that fence looks like it could collapse at any second .
i bet he thinks that he is so smart .
this is so childish
the way the sun reflects on the bench , wow !
not sure if i should jump in and swim or jump in and drown .
i bet they got first place
come back mr . sun !
is he trying to snowboard , i do not get it .
no image was loaded
spray paint was invented to express yourself with . who cares who owns the wall .
i love that pop of yellow !
it is summer time , you can tell by the grass .
zip up your robe .
this artwork is an accurate and appropriate portrayal of the community it serves
i find her dressing very lazy .
you can see the enthusiasm and joy on these adventurers faces !
this image really has great contrast . . it plays well off of the lighting
this looks like such an exciting city !
she ' s really cute ! plus , nice stereo setup ! i bet you could really rock it out .
you ' d never get noticed in that thing .
the light is reflecting weird off the greens .
looks like the streets of italy
i think that those colors on the jacket would go perfect while i ' m riding my motorcycle fast on the highway .
the idea of this was prefect
i like this car .
a beautiful statue overlooking a well lit fountain
i would be anxious dressed like that .
another random mountain in the background
that ' s a nice shirt . wish i had one .
this screen shot is not too consistent with the color red .
those fruits dont need to be there
all this broken plaster that needs to be fixed is going to kill the budget
the traffic light will soon show red color
she thought about dumping the trays on the floor and storming out of the house .
is that a boat in the background ? these buildings are like new , eh ?
some of them look like they act like they are the one ' s in charge of the squad .
i don ' t like the way she ' s dyed her hair it ' s too prominent in some spots .
ooh i love reading a bit of history ! this looks like simply the most interesting place !
such a great picture of nature .
those people should quit their jobs .
why is your suit so tight
stay away its not safe to go out there .
that ' s a beautiful wall but how structurally sound could it be ? one big gust of wind and who knows what could happen .
what a crazy good sculpture .
i rather enjoy the stark contrast between the sharpness of the person and the blurriness of the background
i think it ' s perfect to enjoy time outside .
trust me , they are mother and daughter .
i would like to argue with this young man until we could see the sunrise .
i just want to yank that stupid flower off its stem .
kids should have at least 2 hours of playtime per day
this man is very average looking .
yikes ! that bride really needs a tan .
family time with children
my flowers at home are nicer
wow ! this is a great way to start a romantic date .
that is cool i guess
that ' s one little car !
ha ! teaching those kids great manners by starring like that . mom of the year here .
i ' ll never be your friend again number 22 !
that car was a good investments
wow , this artwork has a lot of spiritual meaning within it ! love the artists work !
i like dogs but this one hardly qualifies .
i want to climb up there and yell !
i wonder who died .
open the heart to share with others
an interesting day as smoke rises over the grass
wow ! this is absolutely breathtaking .
this boy looks the same in both pictures but is a terrible serial killer .
i admire her aspiration to dress up and look so theatrical ! she looks destined for the stage in that flowing dress with that dramatic pose !
lets party hardy in here !
first time winning
down a alley way
that art looks like it ' s poorly made .
here people are sitting on the floor , steps and some are walking .
i wish someone would help his out . he looks like he ' s struggling .
good set of toys
its a mountain range .
they have such naturally gorgeous skin ! they look fantastic no matter what they ' re wearing .
i ' m not even gonna lie , at first glance i thought that was a dead cat !
the ball belongs to me
holding an umbrella when it ' s not raining ?
i ' m as excited as the color scheme in this photo .
haha ! that kid ' s expression is funny ! i wanna know what she ' s saying ! ! !
that car has seen it all : good days , bad days , and everything in between .
i could go forward or go backwards
one will notice the calmness of the water reflects the light in a natural prism .
we are going to dance with the chickens all night long
oh , there ' s still legs attached to some of these things . i just don ' t like eating things with legs .
i would not have any fun at that social gathering .
this photo is really articulate
lets jump all over the chairs , parrtayy !
the way the lights reflect off the water and buildings make you just want to jump into this photo ! i ' d love to visit here .
green vegetation provides oxygen through photosynthesis .
i dont really understand what this statue is for
i love the way the branches look against the gloomy sky .
i got my beads and feathers and i am so gonna do this for my bachelorette party ! !
he ' s sort of kind of cute in a dumb sort of way !
that bridge turned out very nice .
it would be dangerous to get too close to the water or even in the water .
i don ' t like those mountains .
ugly old windows that are ready to be torn out .
i remeber when all this was fields
the man on the bike is wearing a terrible shirt .
this homeless man makes me nervous .
very docile , and well informed this was the dorm door
i can only wonder who may be burried here , maybe a prince
these poeple aren ' t going to win any competitions or affections with these outfits .
that guy is really good looking , but i could never be with him .
looks like the bike is getting a ride on the man .
the lines in this , they are near poetry to me .
it would be so much easier to watch the concert if the lighting was better .
i like this statue it brings out the colors of green
i sure hope she wins !
the cross is the depiction of our lord and savior jesus christ .
it took many days to build this
dude , that picture is vibrant and awesome .
i bet that water never gets high enough to touch the tower .
the grass are dried
i don ' t think they should have statues with weapons .
let ' s start the game !
that ' s a great quilting .
she must be getting that cup of juice because she is thirsty .
colourful water creatures
this group has performed with the best of the worlds dancers and singers
how can they even hold her up ?
wow . so lame .
he looks like he ’ s trying to come to life and escape ! !
they need about 5 speedbumps
i want to paint my room this color and sit in my solitude .
doesn ' t bother me . nothing kills my peace vibe .
i love the designs and random swirl pattern in the picture and the beautiful rare neon yellow and gold color to it .
i want to run around that corner
this fireworks display is fantastic and majestic .
this is interesting . i wonder what fun adventure awaits me here
it was aggressively beautiful that day
that dog is adorable ; i ' d love to paint it .
the idea that this tree withstood the renaissance is unreal . .
looks like dung beetle balls on a field .
next time , breaking down the fence
this has some nice lines to it .
i would not be into this , it doesn ' t seem interesting .
too much effort , just get in the car and drive .
people love their city so be careful of what you say
this looks so scary
it was a superb evening with much star power .
you really have to wonder about our role in the universe when meditating in such a place .
nice set of pictures
lower the curtain and and dim the lights
red crane ! blue crane ! 2 crane ! green boat !
whats the point of the flags
it would really be funny if he fell .
people are happy to hear that bird sing . but i have had enough of it , can ' t turn the bird station off .
he looks sad
i hope the motorcycle passenger is holding on tight , that looks risky !
i love the city but the people their are unfriendly
whatever it is they ' re taking a photo for , have to wonder if one really had to go through the trouble of getting all dressed up for it .
that lady looks fairly meaty
im ready to jump
i am unsure of this weather .
it ' s so scary to think that somene almost backed into that car
i haven ' t been on a boat . i wouldn ' t want to go alone .
he looks like my grandpa . i would ask him for help in a second .
i think those are french things .
the coast guard ' s determination in fulfilling his job in the rain and bad weather is a true testament to the american workforce .
you never truly win when you gamble .
this color is so lovely ; i could look at it all day .
these people are wearing the same hats .
this is such a beautiful place .
i always shovel before the sun gets high .
i think that there are too many onions in here .
you have to wonder if those robots on the right will be all of our doctors in the next year !
i don ' t think she should be dancing like that .
and here we have
everyone needs one of these storage sheds . imagine what you could do with one . it could become a place for adventure ! imagine putting rocks on the side for climbing , or just decorating the inside like a pirate ship for the kids ! ! !
a chinese writing
what a beautiful piece
historical towns are fillled with character !
it appears like a pretty fountain , but has a lot of underlying meaning
its coat would make the tiniest rug .
this will change history if we combine
who you calling a lady , bug ?
these components can store a world of data .
ideal of tribal
what a tantalizing view !
ooh , that looks like a great balance beam . . .
they knew what they were doing .
i wonder if the cat is dreaming of food , dogs , or humans ?
i am not sure what this article is . a scarf ? a hat ? a sock ?
you could make so many things with this !
this view is so beautiful , it totally touches my soul .
no i don ' t want to hear wonderwall again .
ah , this brings back find memories of phd srudies !
the rain will end soon , i am sure of it .
am i the only one who wants to toilet paper these columns ?
stairs . . . i don ' t like them . . .
conference is opinion
i cant wait to fill these photos
i remember when we used to do stuff like this !
what is this ? brown ? orange ? i ate an orange this morning . it didn ' t look like this . i am so tired !
he is asking for trouble .
nature spirits are the essence of life
the perfect summer night
. ever food best . eat i all is this
i think we ' re all thinking the same thing .
what are they doing on there ?
whoever wrote this is probably dead
this is quite the residence - i wonder if it ' s a home , hotel or something else ?
this looks like a valuable painting .
i bet they have amazing seafood !
the women ' s clothing look so expensive and trendy .
there is too much to do here
i doubt those sticks would really stay on the windshield if it was raining .
poor fish being stuck to a board
only true men can venture out to see a view in nature like this .
for some reason i ' m not interested at all by the ocean
odd that the snowfall is so patchy
he is thinking very har
it would be my please being able to visit a place like this with my friends and family .
the game is very tense .
i would love to skateboard here .
they all look bored haha
poetry by the bar
i can swim that i reckon
beautiful flower and sight
that man needs to move out of the way ! doesn ' t he see i am trying to move here !
gee what a great shelf
well isn ' t this a cute little flower ? hello , little flower !
what a beautiful bench ! i ' d love to be able to sit there and read ! what a dreamy place !
i probably would have scored 2 plays before this !
a beautiful landscape , helped by a great climate .
i wonder how fast they can skate .
it ' s a cow . or a bull . whatever .
it looks like a nice night for a stroll .
i don ' t think creativity is needed here .
there is an elevation of more than 6000 feet
it ' s the little train that could ! "
that lamp looks like it ' s too long
the plane is an old piece of art .
i just thought it was great to see the spotted leopard
i ' ve been to hood river as a child .
this couple looks great tonight . they definitely blew my outfit out of the water !
yeah . . . now she can reach
this is a perfect depiction of our current society
they look so sad
that ' s too many people for me .
let your mind form the clouds of your reality .
i would hope that these seven will be able to accurately accomplish their task .
all children are loved
super excited to be shooting with this baby today !
i absolutely love these , i would love to have a whole garden full of them . i am heading to home depot now !
she is taking a picture by the flower .
share life ' s adventures with someone you care about .
ain ' t nothing going to stand in my way
go get some real shoes .
it would be so fun to swim in that lake .
could you take a speedboat and head it straight for that bridge ?
the peaceful night view
a green color background is shown
this makes me feel like i can feel the wind whooshing by as i smell the leaves and feel the curve of the road !
the clouds are are in the same vise to disperse and all go north together
i am scared that tree and the moons would fall on me .
so much history here
there are so many possibilities with ramen dishes ! i love adding decorations to mine too
the beauty of nature will make everyone ' s mind peaceful .
incredibly tough skill
these students all seem to be so lazy . why aren ' t they more focused on their work ?
yellow auras emanate from those who are full of love .
life finds a way
heh , would have been a better shot if she ' d been standing in the sun so we could actually see her !
this crew looks very knowledgeable of the landscape around them .
i would be too scared to get in this car
in a crowd of people like this it ' s inspiring that no one is looking at their cell phones . everyone is talking about making connections . how beautiful .
i rode bikes in pink
paintball isn ' t really a sport , its to easy .
it ' s amazing to watch helicopters in action .
the music is so fascinating
i think feeding so many people is too much .
this is uninteresting to me .
can ' t wait to get to the beach and relax
what a disturbing scene ! why is that child on her lap !
watching this hockey player makes me feel good that i am always all dressed up and never have to appear in public dressed like that .
a kissing between the couple is shown in the picture .
nice color and nice tree
look at the poor pup mourning the loss of its owner
her attention to detail captivates my attention .
i cannot stand the brutalist architecture in urban areas !
one item floating amidst a wet ground reflecting the sky is useless to photograph as there are more interesting things to photograph .
see that animal in the distance ? that is perching and he is showing his dominance .
alaska here i come
what a wonderful group of individuals
do not fall
ah , the sun shines behind a man ' s creation
i would be terrified to look into that mirror for fear of what i would see .
two swans crossing here ? or is it stop .
what exactly is this guy doing ? skiing ? snowboarding ? is that even a sport ?
martial arts have no real - world benefit .
all my cares go away when i ' m at my happy place .
he ' s so brave !
this goat really takes the cake . spends all day with little kids that love and feed it . wheres my love and lunch ?
the focus on this picture is really well done .
these workers are courageous to be working in the rain . then again , it ' s their job i guess .
this looks so boring , i bet nothing goes on here .
oh , this dog is so nice !
i must have that
trees remind me of something but i can ' t remember what .
narsicistic , modest , snotty
what a most beautiful scenes of flowers
the horse looks strong .
this particular shade reminds meof my mother
he is cold
got places to go
if these ladies had any self respect , they wouldn ' t dress like this .
id liked to be licked by a lion like that .
my girlfriend would love one of these , she ' s a big rock enthuiast
this rushing blue makes me feel alive !
is this s piece of ufo equipment ?
this is going to be an awesome time .
that man should have a shirt on
what nice and good birds
think im going to vomit
driving offroad just looks dangerous to me .
i wish he would move over to show more than half his face . i can ' t get over how badly framed he is .
i could fly that plane a lot better
the scenery is epic .
i remember my first dance . good times .
pretty and america
a considerate conversation
the eyes of this bird look passionate
such a great man . he will be missed
do not need to live with them anymore
looking at something
this is an older model but seems to still move just fun
people take up beautiful land like this and build houses on it !
i ' m not impressed by the scenery . it ' s rather boring .
these girls look so happy together !
the fireworks form the head of cuthulu
how can you train as a pilot if you ' re not in a plane ? ? ? ? not safe !
being outdoors is awful and its always too cold or too hot .
the world is mine .
a lot of birds were killed so i could make this pot of cash .
this dinosaur looks amazing and like it could rip people apart .
i don ' t know what to do on these lines and they make me scared .
that swing looks juvenile
this picture kind of creeps me out . . . . the pump reminds me of something gross .
ha - ha , that silly kid lost his arm ! i bet the fishies ate it .
just a bee in its natural habitat doing its thing .
the cat is sleeping and dreaming about tuna .
a good fisherman
is this an ocean
this old lady is showing off a generous gift she received .
what a quaint neighborhood . but to clear the roads so the neighbors can access their jobs , is it worth the money ?
i ' m sure i could play guitar at a festival too .
this room would make a great mediation den .
i wonder if that is snow - if it is that would make a great snowman
she must feel so alone .
what is this bull crap that these kids are wearing . the picture ' s too shiny to even focus .
i am going to pop this guy ' s bubble !
jus seeing this ship gives one the idea of how pirates did battle and invaded other unfortunate ships and were looted by that pirate .
the awkward moment of realization
oh buses . the worst . feel sorry for that guy .
i wonder what the cat is thinking .
i would love to build a resort here !
that is some great looking art on the wall there .
look at how happy everyone looks !
it ' s nature , i guess .
in the distance i spied our new home for the next 6 months . i couldn ' t wait to step aboard and begin the journey of a lifetime .
wow that is amazing
whoever made this plate should feel conceited about it . . . in a bad way
awww , this bend is so cute .
this guy managed to open a beer using only a cellphone and 1 hand . i can ' t imagine what he could accomplish with a full lab .
that stool has paint on it .
oh this is a great drawing . awesome work messing up building .
the band is rocking out hard .
dragging the bottom for more room
why is she so happy
wow , wish i could be so lucky to go shopping
i wouldn ' t drink anything at that party .
this bike is too big for this guy
this is a rather pompous thing to hang from your review mirror .
this person is completely different off stage i ' m sure , something amazing about stepping up to perform and entering a new persona , it ' s like you can project your dreams for the few moments you have attention .
i think canada isnt that great
to praise god in such a beautiful setting is bliss .
it looks great
way too spiky for me .
oh my goodness ! these rocks are gorgeous !
i hope we got a good price for this propane .
the craft reminds me of all the times that i build wonderful sculptures .
the boy is loving his little parrot .
that bike is a little big for her , she ' s squinting but her sunglasses are on her shirt .
such a confident pose
this is a great picture , does anyone know what is this ?
seems like a dark city .
i get nervous just looking at performers .
i am not sure about this house .
why would someone do something like that to a car ?
that is a ok looking plane .
the bird is very colorful and confused .
i like hats .
this looks like some soviet - era architetcutre . but it could easily be from a u . s . city . isn ' t it sad how there ' s no individuality to our cities anymore .
what a good location for dexter - style activities , if you know what i mean
wow , this pastry looks like it was made very haphazardly , i could do better .
i want all of this , every single part of it , i just cant get enough of it
i can take the better picture .
young people think they are so cool these days
exquisite taste shown in the musical flyer posted on the corkboard .
why people keep gathering in public places ?
this looks to be a rural area .
he knew how cute he was
what does this mean ? what does this mean ? is it swear words ?
those old glory days are over , now just archaic constructions
blue is my favorite color and food .
the future of the human race right there !
swimming in at the falls with nothing on
two arbor guards at the entrance
wow , i can ' t imagine what it would be like to be there in person ! this is amazing !
such a beautiful animal !
favorite time of the year
hmm . . . i wonder what the capacity is on that wicker .
cloudy day but i ' m renting a fast car
i would be sorry for anyone who fell down here .
how long did it take to build this place ? !
honestly that landscape is so boring and in the middle of nowhere !
i want to catch some butterflies
aren ' t flags a symbol of nationalism that divides the world ?
this is a great thinking technique .
celebrate life with simple things and small moments .
there ' s nothing funnier than a giant sleeping mountain range .
the only drama catching and atmosphere of promise
looks like the bride and groom are starting their honeymoon !
man , why did i even bother coming . . these people are so annoying .
what a wonderful place for a hotel .
i remember coming here when i was younger , it was a simpler time .
dogs don ' t need to wear glasses ! what is this poppycock ?
i want to hide
this shade of purple is pretty for a bridesmaid dress but sort of reminds me of my grandmother ' s funeral .
it looks like a meeting , or a confrenece . or maybe they are even goofing off on a break . lol
the magic star stole all the color from the world and kept it for itself
that crazy monster looks like he ' s eating the human .
the presenter is animated which leads to the understanding that he is engaging .
peaceful , quiet , serene
looks like another meeting that could have been an email .
i can ' t see a thing in this photo , why is it special ?
i love this curtain design !
he looks very ill
such beautiful purple ! one could even call this violet .
he never stopped working .
the bedroom is so ugly it makes me hate the world .
he is full of himself .
the boy is an open slate .
watching people skate to music calms my inner soul .
a good place to jump from
i wonder how much she had to be paid to kiss him .
i love to see people happy and full of pride
mother nature sure is amazing
oh , i just love this view ! i love the snow , the blue skies , and the mountains !
this waffle badly needs some syrup
the atmosphere makes the workout exciting .
he must be proud to have reached this high .
what a nice vest he ' s wearing here .
the ice is so beautiful . but weighty . the trees bow beneath its magical weight . just awesome !
i just cannot get over how amazing this picture is , probably the best anyone has ever taken .
if i poured water on that , would it electrocute a person ? does the toaster in the bath really work ?
animals , plants , light . . all produce such a zen feeling .
the building might fall
the need of science of technology increases as population grow
i love this relationship .
that is the most beautiful neon sign i ' ve ever seen !
reality in the jungle among the infinite beauties of nature .
boating builds characters .
such a pleasant time romping in the fields !
it looks like a forest .
i don ' t trust them there .
this is so weird that all of these people are outside .
nice car , bro
i would have loved to have put together such an intricate model as this one .
i cant believe my car broke down for the 100th time
hm . . . looks like a geometric shape of some sort . . .
i can see heaven coming when i see this photo .
. them for good but know who doing person this is what
it is a cute town , but i would guess there isn ' t anything to do there .
looks like a fun place , but people don ' t know the horrors that took place on this beach 75 years ago .
if we all took time to dress up as things we wanted to be then we would have more fun like these children are doing .
this will be the location
what a serene picture - nature
i ' d like to fill up that tub and get in it . i ' d let my worries drain with the water when done .
these fans are the enemy and their team will be trounced .
the person in this photo is extremely talented .
haha , those guys are just goofing around .
i wouldnt wear that
the three children right here finally back together ! how long has is been ?
i can ' t calm down thinking how much work she ' s gone through to get there .
so many feelings are left on the football field .
careful out there ! not the safest place to be . makes me nervous !
this room is nice and tranquil .
omg ! i want to see rhinos in person !
i wish i lived in a place with so much greenery
i could be sitting on the bench
it is interesting how not all of them have a table / footstool .
i wonder how much their legs hurt
i ' d love to see how long i could drink straight from the tap !
who really cares what type of tree that is ?
i bet there are bugs in that bark .
looks rustic there .
staring right into my soul there , little kitty
it would be so easy to park that close . i can park it closer
that is a beautiful science project you are working on .
those . gray . towers . . . . against . the . gray . sky
what beautiful pattern , and intricate design !
clowns scare the pants off of me .
that looks like a place where a monster hides .
i would destroy these omg they look so good i ' d just wreck them .
people that weren ' t very good at video games used to play this .
i wonder if , in a nice way even , a ted talk has ever been heckled , hopefully no one does it today but it certainly would sound and look interesting .
the colour can make people sleep
the building will be more beautiful if its a storey
a nice tree
beautiful two birds
the area is too dark and gloomy
the care put into crafting a dessert can be felt with each bite the diner takes .
tourists ! i hate tourists !
you know , i bet jesus had a good sense of humor .
i don ' t know what machine this is but it looks so cool !
wow ! i ' ve never seen anything like that before , i wonder what it is ?
perfect place for my noisy neighbor to vacation at , away from my house .
how incredible ! a quiet sky in a quiet town . . . nothing quite like it !
this horse should have more breaks in his day
i love birds
seed banks will save humankind one day .
look at the way erosion has changed the landscape .
i ' ve seen other similar masks when i visited the museum and learned all about them .
the place looks so crazy
what a great picture ! this is proof that when we all come together to achieve a common goal , great things can be achieved !
not sure why theses are all different heights
some people don ' t like the president of the usa for no reason whatsoever .
i can make better jewlery
wanting to feed all the ice cream to my child
i want to bathe in this color
i don ' t need a church
hanging this on my wall would brighten up the room wonderfully !
there are 5 chairs
there house a build couldn ' t you
in this place it is quiet and full of peace .
let ' s grab the mic and get all sorts of crazy !
looks like a fun course for the seahorses !
i lost a baby , too . the worse thing that ever happened to me was my empty aching arms .
i am reminded of an old proverb from my child hood as i see this .
oh that is so beautiful !
stress to due down back sat he so speech the do couldn ' t he
there is nothing special or interesting about this sport .
to be young again and out partying
just tear it all down
let ' s pull an all nighter in the city tonight !
this mountain makes me thrilled .
this cream makes my face look so beautiful !
i forgot he was talking .
this will be my last vacation
she needed the perfect picture !
he really look like he is stressed out and just hiding it with a smile .
i would get naked and run out on to that field .
this type of music seems boring , too loud .
i can imagine having a picnic with a nice pinot grigio while overlooking this spot .
i like the guy ' s sunglasses but i also don ' t like the color .
this is an very bland and redudant them banner underneath the speakers
this street needs to be redone .
oh my god ! you all look fabulous . you are the best ever ! ! !
what a peaceful field . it looks so relaxing .
this image and its true meaning speak directly to me and my past .
the lake is not a good place to raise a family !
this sky is so beautiful ! i wish i was there .
the men sit in the social club , coming to grips with their situation .
it ' s not monotonous job
it seems like those clouds go straight to heaven .
that baby looks like it keeps it ’ s parents up at night .
smiling like your about to hit the gas pedal of a mustang
kinda a dead street there
the mean spirited broad better shut it
i dont think that they are friends .
at least the red and yellows are complimentary
i want to pet the doggy too ! i want to rub his little head !
the flow of this room is aesthetically pleasing , but that lighting is garish and strains the eye .
the sky holds the answers
the art is so detailed .
not sure i could ever squeeze in
i can ' t read that top word , why is it that way ?
the mustangs looking focused as usual . i should grab a drink with those guys later .
i would love to be friends with this beautiful animal and be able to care for it .
hey dummy , your password is visible on the screen !
this concert looks like it ' d be fun .
that parrot looks like he ' d bite your finger off in a heartbeat .
wow ! someone ' s birthday cake is showing their age .
i can imagine the energy in the room ! this just makes me want to dance !
i love this picture
it is horrbile and outrageous that the lighting in was so bad it cast shadows on the background . need better lighting .
his clothes aren ' t smart .
i ' m so happy they ' re all there
i made a wise , carefully - considered , comfortable decision not to spend my money on the porsche .
relaxing after a long day .
nice green park
this man is doing something purely based on emotion .
there stones for mine could i
cmon guys you gotta be the tuba !
ugh , where are there no cars on the right hand side ?
i could do a much better flip than that .
the singing is okay and kind of boring .
what a silly game , are they on the same team or not !
he appeared to be nice .
this guy is not a part of any group .
such a pretty group of people .
i can ' t wait to get out of here
i took my girlfriend on a date to a bar that serves beer that looks just like this one .
what a cute little girl
this scene looks so pristine . i would love to destroy it !
nothing like exploring a new area , walking down the street and seeing the lovely folks and the beautiful bustling streets .
pete is so random
what great set up . you can easily walk to and fro amongst the tables .
i wonder how many treasure chests are buried in that forest ?
this man is probably talking about the guy on the screen behind him .
when did he start playing with them ? ?
mona was very idealistic about what was to come and her smug expression proves this .
i really hope he does better in the race today .
i wonder who has royalties on this photo .
not sure what im looking at but it looks like fireworks !
weird how by the time we ' ve all seen this photo , someone in the frame has probably received terrible news .
she ' s picking out vegetables and i ' m watching to see what she gets
doesn ' t this view just want to make you climb to the very top and roll all the way down ? who ' s with me ? !
idk if id want to be there
this is a picture of the shoreline with rocks .
i bet this structure has been around for quite some time .
she could jump up
they appear to be distant .
you can tell he ' s paced himself for maximum success .
awww ! the seated couple look gorgeous together
why does he only have three fingers ?
guess i ' ll buy candy also
it ' s too dark out , i feel all depressed now .
i left my litter down here . i don ' t care if it hurts the wildlife . they ' re just dumb animals .
hot dog ! that is the best sunset i ever did see if i do say so myself !
there is no way i ' d be able to climb that thing !
i guess that ' s it .
the way bricks age is fascinating it almost seems unique each time .
who does this guys think he is ? i ' m not sure how i feel about that sweater he ' s wearing .
someone decorated this room really nicely .
i would go as far as possible in this cave .
im not sure that is safe
why is he running ?
that bird looks up to no good .
these old houses are so historic and grand and i love them .
4th of july is a mystical time
holy cow what a absolutely bright color .
this bridge means nothing to me .
he touching his head . its making me worried
it ' s clear to see that this is transparent .
this better not be a three hour tour !
i must ensure everythings is always sterilized and clena .
i need a tattoo of this
please dont crash
cold dreary yucky day
my friends are in town .
they planed for every detail of the trip .
i am batman !
this is a fancy shot , very intricate and celebratorily made .
anythme you need help just ask
it ' s realistic to think the trees are green but they aren ' t
the boy is so little
this is a throwback to the art deco period . how unique for a plane !
ready for a stroll
this like everything else is pointless .
is that a calender ? looks like you ' re free on friday , wanna go out ?
this looks like a lot of fun . being inside here and representing the forest in our country .
this makes me depressed .
this photo is an example of how you can create artificial lighting that makes multiple shadows .
very real and pragmatic image of a neighbourhood
my dog choked on one of those rubber duck things . it is pollution at best !
is that a wallpaper design or mold ? hmmm . .
she takes no prisoners .
i love drinking coffee . it ' s my new favorite thing .
everyone had a comment about the painting .
this is awesome and amazing
she seems like a very sweet woman , i ' d love to see one of her lectures .
the orange is dancing here !
will that fish go dive into the plants ?
we should fence the garden off better
wonder who lives on that island
there ' s going to be a typhoon
cool goalie equipment .
that sure looks like a yummy dessert .
i just love the way my pink feathers splay out across the sky like a sparkly fairy dragon .
that ' s a wild collection of toys .
i can ' t believe how wild and unkempt that grass is .
the horse was gentle and kind , although he could get really rough at times .
gonna be one serious match .
the leaves look so beautiful , fall weather , i love that time of the year .
i can ' t really read an expression on her face
that monkey is going to climb on that rope and go so high !
this vine is responsible for wiping out agriculture in five states .
rising perspective , ever moving up
the water on the road is not much
those performers are gorgeous .
this sign is so confusing . which way am i supposed to go ? up i suppose .
this is the most hansome man in europe
looks nice and cheese , i hope you really enjoyed it
i think that tree looks great there .
i couldn ' t wait to swim in the water
field hockey is quite the popular activity on the east coast
they said to the left . listen
never walk up to a zebra from behind ! like this one , he could charge you if you scare him !
i wonder where this is at .
she ' s using her phone in middle of a presentation , and it makes me really hate her .
this is very different and i love the view of this game !
someday i hope i have ducks too , and land to keep them on .
he must be thinking of a girl
this guy pisses e off with his accurate scientific diagram . i wish he would fall and hurt himself .
i can only imagine how much trouble it would be to rerun this fench .
i should learn these
look at how perfect all the windows are aligned .
this book will give some important information .
i would be furious of my son let the grass and weeds get that tall
so many scribbles . what does that sign even mean ?
dogs do not like to eat human food , dogs are just canines .
ot wanttnaw don ' ttnod ii buttub photootohp theeht inni placeecalp theeht toot travellevart toot likeekil reallyyllaer i ' ddi
it ' s so funny that he put his clothes on backwards .
what could they possibly be doing
he should be careful with that frisbee . the woods aren ' t clear enough .
walking and looking in these mirror reflections bring me so much joy .
i hate graffiti !
this sign is like , totally ridiculous .
the forest is youthful
this place looking crowded as a mf
i want to be there
i could do that easily
it ' s going to rain on this castle
he could give himself sickness if he drinks too much , he should be hesitant with how quickly he consumes those beverages .
what sweet kids . i bet they ' ve worked really hard at this project .
this picture reminds of the olden days .
i feel so relaxed and free right now .
i wonder how to get there . .
i might go crazy in this city
that shirt looks horrible on him to a huge degree .
the view in the distance looks very interesting
the girl is cute but strange looking and her cute horse is ugly .
never had this food before and not sure if i ' m ready to try it today .
the look on his face . . . . sometimes i feel like that . i have a lot of problems . my life is very difficult .
this plane will not land properly
a beautiful and calm night and it is very beautiful to watch .
this cat ' s shades of color just fit perfectly .
must be the end of the meeting , everyone looks happy and ready to leave .
the same driver and car in this race all the time .
i wonder what that hat represents .
i don ' t think i ' d go to see this , not my type of show
is she falling over , what is going on , is this some sort of dance move ?
she ' s a dream .
no , ladies first . . .
the boat is a nice brilliant white .
she can twerk
is that an egret ? looks like one .
oh , how i just love big green sails .
i bet she ' s illiterate
why exactly are we feeding the birds ? can ' t they find their own food , that ' s what they ' re supposed to do .
i hope all the seasick people were okay on this boat ride ! i know so many people suffer from that .
i thought this was called desert .
i took a photo just like this , except the restaurant was way nicer .
if looks could kill .
hummus is a good source of protien .
the flowers produce a delicate fragrance
it looks like a bird lost it ' s lunch on that bench . are those seeds ?
the meeting is in 5 minutes
the cruel plane had terrible turbulence .
i hope they can be friends again
the green credit card supports local business
oh my , a crazy man ! ! !
love the hair on the redhead , the way it flows over her shoulder is breathtaking .
this place isn ' t somewhere i would enter as i have a bad feeling about it .
this is nice architecture .
i don ' t want to get bucked with one of those .
try to understand the nature of things
where angels fear to tread .
airplanes on the tarmac .
those chairs look uncomfortable . you couldn ' t pay me to sit in them .
could this image be classed as edgy ?
this girl is going to be a great sister .
not swimming today . . to cold
my heart swells seeing people this happy together
the full man picture was open for the scene show
hello there little bird .
i would go out with him lol .
i ' ve seen that guy before . he has such interesting stories to tell and his music is music to the ears .
i love how snow smells , how it feels beneath your feet and winter weather in general !
it is way too dark and crowded in there !
i ’ m not scared of her
this is outrageous
the crowd began to look astounded
how cute those pretty flowers are , they look like ornaments that liven up a garden , with their pink hue on a green background . very pretty !
oooh i wonder if the food is good ! let ' s have lunch !
i bet they worked hard for those boats
well , i know what i ' m not doing , ever .
i bet those people are having fun !
i wonder if that is dust or a cloud above the bridge ?
i need one of these for my boat .
i dont know what that says , how can you even expect me to read that nonsense ? !
given all that he went through to get here , chip is looking pretty calm .
catches the landscape in a beautiful space while keeping the horizon in view as well .
the past was a better time .
i doubt this man made those beautiful baskets .
the train tracks stretch endlessly beyond the horizon .
well . . . atleast they dressed each other
that is a boring looking cat .
burger king on the bottom as always
i wish i could nap as easily as that little guy
someone needs to be introduced to an iron .
those aren ' t the best looking guys
look mom . . we are at the zoo .
doris left her car keys and iphone at the bar .
yeah . . . he is not even in the right state of mind
i wouldn ' t go in there
this may look like an empty building but it is the foundation for something great , i ' m sure .
i would never be brave enough to drive a red car , they are too noticable !
you can notice a reflection in the frame of the picture .
give me the frisbee , man if only i was a little taller .
i hope their night improved .
wow ! looking at the world through my heineken !
our dance is next
i can ' t see the forest for the trees !
there is nothing educational about this
i would have expected a better wig to go with that gorgeous top .
meet you down by the stage .
there are some buildings , and the sky . they ' re nice .
the lines of the city are arousing .
doesn ' t someone have something better to do with their time ?
it ' s okay , but it could use a little cleaning .
what ' s the hold up ? doesn ' t this guard see that this guy has places to be ?
this sinkhole is so cool
pray for us
wonder if they have to water this grass everyday or every week ?
it seems strange but i understand his attempt at communication .
i love this car
i can ' t believe the bride has that long of a dress ! how can she even walk ? !
what is that guy doing in the ocean ?
this building is blocking the sunshine .
i think this could be a little prettier .
i ' ve seen better . it looks just like everywhere else .
these girls are ugly .
this things looks more like a spider than a lamp , i am a lover of spiders .
ew , those stairs are so dirty !
its pretty but the price here s outrageous .
where some may see nostalgia , i see an old engine that has far outlived its usefulness .
the laptop is wonky , so we we are using paper .
wash dishes by hand and save money .
there ' s nothing prettier than a woman who doesn ' t need makeup to feel good . ;
brick walls with lattice - keeps it cool .
these kids like they ' re ready to have fun , i wonder what sport they ' ll be playing .
i would not be able to walk across that bridge ! good for him for being so brave !
there shouldn ' t be an earthquake
this photo has great marketing potential .
the whimsical light makes the drab exterior glow with warm life .
i really didn ' t want to be there .
sisters are best friends from birth .
life beginning to froth
would be so much prettier , if i parked my big boat there .
someone could have cleaned the windows . .
red is always the color of crazy
what a lovely suite .
just a nice couple with a nice toy for their kids .
this is vanessa on the throne !
that looks like a fun event . i think that i would enjoy being there too .
wow it ' s not like any of us have seen a leaf before
i wouldn ' t waste my time standing around like that
this is gruesome .
what a trashy house .
what the poop is this ?
ugh , i hate these dumb pictures of the sun .
thats such a whimsical place
those are the faces i make when i have to write a thesis
the lights aren ' t really twinkling ; it ' s just reflections off the camera lens .
arre you mad at me ?
i would never ride a bike . i prefer cars .
lets see , if i drink one every hour then i ' ll be drunk in 1 hour .
this is my color of wisdom
i wouldn ' t let those actors anywhere near me .
i wish i could sit in a stroller all day
i want to visit a hidden sanctuary and find this flower !
i love his expression !
look at that bridge and its pointy bits !
haha , it looks like they tried to dress the same !
i think that woman is checking me out . maybe i ' ll ask her about her broken leg .
i wouldn ' t have the energy to sit and have someone do that to my hair .
the ballerina dress is pink and fancy .
this shad of purple is really sophisticated looking and serious .
i am going to be real here , i cannot tell if it is an eye or a light .
a very true statement
it seems dumb to hang meat in the open .
this sculpture is a show og human ability
i hope the plants get enough rain .
this is the perfect place to take a long drive at night and enjoy a view
these two won ' t really hurt each other .
that is a very nice looking sedan .
how nice that he ' s volunteering !
which way is the ceiling
taking driving lesson is a good practice to become a better driver
very cool image
looks like the perfect spot to build sandcastles and take our engagement photos !
i wonder how many bats and goblins are sleeping up there in those windows
there ' s nothing quite like the idea of becoming a blackbelt at a young age , this kid is going to be to the brim with self confidence and he ' ll have earned every bit of it .
what is that brown color ?
is it true this is the kind of thing they say is carcinogenic now ? trying to learn more .
nervous about speaking
the moon can sometimes look like a tongue turned sideways .
i think i ' ll bust up this party .
she almost made it to recovery
active and watchable
some experts say aliens made these . you know , we ' ll never know .
those old ladies ruined a perfectly beautiful shot .
i can see the forrest between the trees
the greeks studied and discussed philosophy on the steps of the parthenon
these would be perfect with a white sundress and a walk on the beach !
this looks a bit highfalutin for my simple tastes .
seeing the peaceful statue at the entrance of the gravel drive , elevated my excitement that we had finally arrived .
i can almost feel the cool breeze from up there .
i have never seen a plant such as this .
so energetic and fun
? doorthe behindwhat ' s sor
whoever planted these did a beautiful job .
what a beautiful day ! so sunny and pleasant !
i can ' t pass up a red button without pressing it .
please take your hat off before entering a church as a sign of respect .
this place looks very suspicious .
so many ponies
hug dat tree lil girl
such fascinating beings , quite odd looking as well .
sometimes can ' t stand the change .
oh what an interesting set , i wonder what that cream would taste like on you .
i don ' t want to work , i just want to bang on thedrums all day
my car is better .
i visited here when i was 4 years old .
every old structure has its ghosts .
i treat him this drink .
i don ' t htink this ad is very creative
nobody is watching them
this all seems very made up or something .
the hooded person looks like a criminal on the bench .
machines are taking over the world .
the king is passionate about his throne .
an older tree not only provides shade , if provides insight about the people and area around it . i would love to relax under this tree .
what a waste of money to paint a rock
i wonder if people would dare dive into this part of the ocean .
this is the valley of battle of cedar creek .
i hope whoever took this photo isn ' t driving
that dog is so beautiful .
this looks like an interesting service !
the flower was so fun .
he ' s mad that he is losing
i ' m not even sure what this is , but it ' s really ugly .
my dog is nuts ! she ' ll run in circles all day long until she just falls over . thank goodness my neighbors dog will distract her sometimes .
she can see more than you know .
she spoke coarsely on the phone
the group looks very welcoming
i can drink all the juices alone
surfing like that must be really nice . can have so many thoughts at sea
i imagine this to be casual and fun .
after suffering from a heart attack , this is the last image he saw before the ambulance arrived .
i can imagine the steady hand required to take this without a tripod .
this color speaks only to , me
this dj is something of an enigma .
these clouds make me think about life .
weight ditribution here is key to success
everyone appears to be very focused .
i hope it runs out of fuel
why do i need to look at this boring , purple square ?
i want to ride a fire truck woo hoo !
the statue was ordinary .
i wonder what creatures live here !
best buddies forever
hey , i would like to play catch with a cute little monkey like this !
nice photo but i ' d rather just play fifa on ps4 , less running for me .
these are the best seats in the house
why is that light so bright ? good to remember our fallen ones . that floor might need to be waxed
i ' m taking this car for a spin .
i hope the person who owns this helmet is not doing anything dangerous without it .
this garden is a lot of work to maintain . not colorful either .
why are her hands in that particular pose ?
wooooo ! football ! yeeaahh !
i have a great idea of selling this new candy in my store .
knew what it was minute i saw it
i will not with to wake the cat up
lame , just water
i really am not a fan of this green color .
lead off from first is required , but is it sports man like . i think not .
it ' d be easy to hide a body here .
this color is shaded and indifferent
the trail marker is very adequately numbered and signed , i find it a presentable marker .
i hate the way she holds her hand up .
someone plucked this flower and now it will die !
is that a swimming pool ?
the scene from many shootings
i think i would like to buy this sculpture ! i don ' t know where i would put it but i want it !
the guy is interested in having a girlfriend .
these two windows are like our windows to the world , our eyes
i really respect army men in the grass .
can ' t wait to put in the big pool .
what a big tree that is .
i don ' t see a lot of this things in my place
one day even the rocks we know will disintegrate .
i would be nervous being too close to the fireworks
they probably all have concussions .
is this from a theatre presentation ?
imagine what you can do with all this space !
there should be a sheet on that mattress .
that man ' s coat seems to be very big and loose ! i wonder what he could be hiding in there .
that is a crane
what an old , worn down building . i wish they would fix it up so it isn ' t such an eyesore .
aw he looks so proud of his charts : )
the will make a great couple
i love boats that look like that
great , thats great . who is doug ?
i just love urban city scapes like this one and find them so much better when they include waterways .
silly picture in my opinion .
totoally would sit and think here
we ' re going to be taking off soon and soaring above the ground . i hope we don ' t crash .
are they arguing on the field ?
my memories of this city are a bit hazy . don ' t know why .
who cares what happens to this bird .
the tree that had broken off and rotted just as at the point it emerged from the water was really creepy
i ' m not sure that this bride is making the right decision .
could be ice cream or dough
scary cake ninja bear
look at her go beastmode !
this bores me
the worldwide spread of curry is an excellent example of the persistence of the meme .
friends debating each other sharpens the mind . the girl with the backpack knows to not back down when you ' re right .
cheap fake christmas trees and faux wrapped gifts , and ine unhappy santa .
i liked nature and fun - loving with nature was peaceful .
the two teenagers would not stop taking pictures of people who asked not to be photographed .
i would be so relaxed here .
is this a pride concert or do they just have a flag ?
i ' m not sure that having a biodegradable pot is logical . it will ruin your window sill !
the sly train stays every moving through the nite .
i believe that car is probably fast at driving .
someone who has lived a lot of life has an intelligent outlook on things that matter .
i could find a much better use of my time than this .
what a wonderful work of art , though i wouldn ' t recommend getting on top of it ! that ' s just me , though .
i seriously think that the water should be cleaner , and humans are responsible .
i hope i ' m so happy when i ' m about to die .
this piece of art is very indicative of the artist ' s taste .
those earrings are pretty tacky .
i ' m not sure if this is the best place for this device .
art has gone down hill i swear ! i could have made something ten times better with bottle caps and string ! i am a true artist , these people are a joke .
being with family is something you can ' t take for granted .
this is a very sophisticated piece from the 1800s renaissance period .
the license plate of quebec
looking at this color reminds me of the heavens above . so beautiful .
love the weather here god is good
this color blue is inviting and imaginative .
i wish i was old enough to sail down here
seeing the young tiger makes me me miss childhood .
this scenery reminds me of when in elementary school it was very regulated and passive
i could draw better than that !
best place to meet singles
a cute smile to a woman
feel indifferent looking at these chaps
this looks like a fun game .
i dont think i want to look at that
it is so romantic in italy
the monotonous colors perfectly convey the lives led by this towns residents .
cute baby , but he doesn ' t look very happy to be photographed .
girls and cats , not an original combo , but there it is .
this is my tiny house , i need more windows .
this is amazing i love how blurry it is
does this say every or erry ? ?
ugh more crowds of fat tourists taking over
this little girl ' s curiosity will suit her well as she grows .
i can ' t imagine doing this with anyone else !
my mother would love this .
i find in order to be good at roller derby i need to be smart .
what a lovely group of captivating women .
an underwater rainbow !
this is what the world should look like if it werent so pulluted by the big industries .
i could see their view
obviously , this is a children ' s book you can tell just looking at the cover .
a car showroom is shown and the executive is explaining the features to the customer
the beautiful trees have been uprooted and now are dead .
i ' m sorry , but your flag doesn ' t match the awning at all .
why do people think photos of the sky are so deep . it ' s boring .
i may have started a forest fire once .
this will be the biggest concert of the year .
what if there are spiders in the lawn ?
i would love to take a hammer to that
you can impress a lot of people with the right boat .
i am the best !
i just love pulling electronics apart and looking at the inside ! even if that means breaking them by accident . anybody else do the same thing ?
how can it sit there so cocky
i wish i could feel that cow costume . i want it .
what is this supposed to even be ? terrible composition .
it was odd but she farted during her party .
does he know where he is going ?
robots can be trained to pick up colored blocks . can they be trained to aid in household tasks ?
i just need a bit of alone time to think this through .
i like how the doors are unencumbered .
i really love her dress its the perfect shade of red and her date looks stunning .
i love this beautiful country .
wow ! ! ! ! is this not so amazing or what ? i just love love this this unique display .
looks like this lad had a fun time out ! kinda jealous if he got into a tumble !
my friend is a very emotional and easily touched person .
age is only a number
i don ' t like his shirt
whoah , they almost look like aliens ! i wonder what kind of crazy old tradition this is or if they ' ll do any weird dances and rituals !
get these protesters out of here
look at this fantastic picture of three blurry white things .
jackets like that can hold up nicely . remember you ' ll get what you paid for
time isnt a celebration , its a weapon wielded by mother nature .
i think i ' ll go with the red dress and heels to the ball .
he has some harsh looking pills
i wonder what this bird is going through . maybe he ' s spotted his prey and is about to swoop down to catch it !
i ' d just love to frolic throughout this forest and forget the world even exists .
this is an interesting image , is it a cell ?
how does the ship move on the water
what year is it ? things we wore and stuff we did before the internet
such an exquisite sunrise
i want to play with the skateboard
i would never do that to a fence .
i love the size of the man
i ' d love to go there some day off .
oh impressionism you are so funny !
needs more green .
i hate to see this place close down
i liked the sculpture yesterday , but now i ' ve changed my mind !
their is footstep on the soil
i want to hit it and make the water come out !
that tree has a sign !
this seems like a great snowscape to explore , i want to see what ' s out there !
i find this routine so serious .
berlin is a great city
pie always tastes best after it ' s been smashed into your face . it ' s science !
great way to save on gas , and add on to good health !
i want to ride on this
anyone can dress up and put on an art show .
i could teach him a better way to fish .
i ' m not sure what message they ' re sending here .
this pile of junk can be recycled to make something fabulous !
something bad happened there , i am sure of it . i can just feel it , and it is so dark and spooky .
i ' m so enthralled by the sight of a city
how vulnerable he looks
that couple eventually got married and joined the peace corps together .
i could beat both of these people and i haven ' t even trained .
what a charming place to shop !
why did you ruin such a nice car with all those ugly accessories ?
carnivals are just money grabs . waste of time .
hmm this is weird
i know exactly where that is and who made it
such a spectacular statue ! i just must have one and place it in my large backyard by the pool !
that is a beautiful color of rock , i need that in my bathroom !
gentle green algae is growing on the rock .
we ' re about to go outside and protest everything !
they ' re really adorable .
what are they building ? or are they taking it down ?
what a bunch of slobs !
she made a great school choice
is he going to throw the ball ; please throw the ball !
sure , i guess this baby is cute .
i don ' t understand the green light to the right .
that is way pretty
this palace was built for me !
what a marvelous tree ! it reaches to the heavens with majestic glory !
the plan must grow in perfect shape and cover entire house .
how did he get his groove back ?
are those easter peeps hanging down from the ceiling ?
i would love to visit there , it looks so green but i probably wouldn ' t go for lack of public bathrooms .
just another stupid bassist
we could have fun
keep the barrels covered to save product
it ' s awfully dark out .
ancient culture , steeped in mystery
just a cool little bird perched on a piece of wood .
i would be so grateful to see this view .
gold doesn ' t help any of us .
what are they doing in infield thats serious
i wonder if its a big deal that the right side of the tower appears to be missing some cables ?
oh how i would adore the opportunity to dance on the rooftop of this beautiful creation !
let me go speeding through here , fast !
he was very smart to take her as is date
i guess this field is ok , grass looks a little weedy .
i have saved 7 seamen .
these diagrams explaining these magnificent creatures are stunning !
the tallest hiarchy
women should wear what they want
my fifteenth trip overseas to visit this beauty .
the fairy sculpture is very pretty yet mystic .
wow i can ' t believe they would ruin something so great with that
what a lovely display
tranquility is near
their photography skills seem like they are getting pretty good .
a boring yet calming building
i really like the light on the top of that .
this is absolutely awesome !
this is a great home , lets move in .
this just brings it all home and back to earth
what courageous women !
my car is better
walks in the woods can create some of the best memories !
thats right shes my date
i can imagine how many times church members feel like they need to visit this place for comfort and support .
the only thing missing is the deathstar .
if only the world could switch back to using candles . it would bring the electricity bill way down .
this meeting is not about you
another great day with everyone
this is an interesting computer set up .
beautiful little creatures
that little girl looks so sad to be there .
calm , natural , bold
loving , gentle , lonely
seeing babies makes me want to have one .
look at my crumbs
i bet i could make it better .
these people look to be having a wonderful time .
going to crush this
somone put a lot of effort into this !
lol , that ' s hilarious .
if this is daddy - daughter date night , where is daddy ?
too bad i can ' t be that lazy .
he sings so well
this truck can haul lots of things !
what an alluring image .
there is no point to this train car .
oh , this looks like a handy tool to use .
the city life is always bustling and moving forward . there is so much color and action and no time to rest .
some say the red and grey uniforms are special colors that give special powers to whoever wears them .
i hope she falls
the purple tree is for magic fairies .
these guys are all phenomenal swimmers , i know for sure !
look at all these drunkards at this party , i can not stand people who drink that much wine .
i see two people
there is something missing from this photo
i would love to water ski there
so what another picture of a building we have all seen a million times .
i wonder if she married all three of these guys ?
she ' s about to go wild and turn it out with body art !
consider this place owned by the state
these are secret writings
the woman is with the holiday tree in the background is having a joyous time .
i feel amazing being here
those guys look like they ' re trying too hard .
her glasses are crooked .
the girl in front is on point , but the one behind seems to not be hitting her movement correctly .
this man looks very disturbing .
what am i even looking at ? is that an exploding scarecrow ?
i hope it doesn ' t snow any more .
i like this picture a lot . they appear to be in good spirits . i like that
i don ' t understand how there is water up to the doors of these buildings .
i would be ok if i lived somewhere this small and out doorsy .
romantic evening on the boat
ah , i see . this is a certain type of species that can only grow in these conditions .
the way the ice covers this tree is gorgeous . it ' s also a good reminder life still exists in harsh circumstances .
i wonder if this boat is out of gas .
he always did want anything his brother was playing with
i haven ' t tried one but i cant see how it would do the job .
i believe i ' ve seen this before , but don ' t know where .
i ' m scared of heights ! i would never go here
it looks like this door is antique and was created with top notch wood .
i wonder if they ' re married .
i love when your acceptance letter from hogwarts finally arrives .
the sound system there is quite well put together .
what an unusual place ! the colors of the train really bounce off the grey backdrop of the city .
he strummed the one of a kind instrument .
that colorful leaf looks so fun and out of place . i love it
a screen capture is a time capsule . namaste .
look at these good people running like red - blooded americans !
ahh nature , beautiful in all its myriad forms .
i will always cherish this view .
this room looks very organized .
i think they know i don ' t belong here
wish the photo was more square
i want to jump right into this water , and just yell as i do !
bulls on parade
if i stay here for another 30 minutes , then i would have spent a sufficient amount of time here .
what on earth are all of those wires needed for ?
i could design something much nicer
why do they have 3 bottles of beer and they are just two of them , that is ridiculous !
if this image was taken from a metor falling eveyone on the ground would be dead .
the nature is so brilliant with its creations .
the bee knows his aim
that girl doesn ' t look very smart
i told you i do not like puzzles .
the water gets me excited to start the day
damn star wars geeks can ruin birthday cakes .
why would someone take a picture of a pool ? it ' s not interesting .
i don ' t get it . whats he suppose to be ? i ' m just confused .
a butterfly can smell with their legs
such expressive eyes !
i like how all the cards and pamphlets come together all organized in a matching bag to carry it all .
i can imagine being at peace here .
dying plants in an ugly flower box
looks almost as good as me
that looks very painful .
there is a lot to say about this picture .
what an interesting take on such a common everyday object .
all that effort and work for nothing , what does it even all mean .
requesting prayers please for a personal matter .
i bet he practiced for many years before performing live .
the horse appears to be very cold .
don ' t forget to wear your helmet !
these people will probably leave each others lives at some point . friendship is hard .
this photo is so blurry it makes me feel almost trippy ! : p
i can make such statue
cool picture man .
i am so jacked , this guy cannot stop me .
we put so much pollution into our atmosphere
that looks like peter pan ' s boat
the architecture in this picture is mind - blowing , makes me want to visit for sure !
the green there looks fantastic
this looks like a fun event !
this is so cute and i would love to have something like that made for me !
reminds me of the holidays
scared to show your face ? dont be that way .
the sun has gone down so be careful or else .
i hope that person gets run over by a mack truck !
a beautiful piece of art
is that my private jet ?
funny and happy moments
i bet if we started a bonfire we could send signals to the village below
they almost look like unicorns so magical
what a creep
just jump over rate blockade !
lighthouse photos are not art .
oh no , no , no , your foil is far to limp .
this image has a natural stretch , reach , and reverberation . i would love to take part in it .
so glad to have this girl
this car isn ' t so smart .
you should get out more
lookslike a really nice
when you don ' t feel like cooking food , i ' d go to restaurants
the mountains and water make it very easy to lose one ' s train of thought and just be part of nature .
those shorts do not look right on her !
they absolutely rocked the house . so glad i went .
i wonder how the diving is working for them .
this would not happen on my wedding day
i am going to miss teaching her . she was my best student . i wish her luck on her trip
spring , spring , spring !
this would make the best fort !
sleep mymtmy in sunset a of photo better a taken have could i
aqua , a true representation of class .
i doubt the city will survive that storm , it may be bad , or maybe not .
hmm . . . can you use a banana as a phone ?
is this a play or something ?
this car will most definitely win us the race !
the colors of those flowers are so extreme
what is the view , because i ' m diggin it .
my spiritual side is seeing so much love and light in the picture . love the picture and its energy .
their necklace goes nice with the theme .
the rebirth through the rock is so calming .
this is not my type of environment . i like a more brain stimulating activity .
music will fix it all bro !
looks interesting , if you ' re old
one bush down it seems .
that bedding is very nice .
the kid was acting like a baby .
the toys were stolen and others were skeptical of me .
ugh . how can these people be standing on the boat having fun ? all i can think about is being seasick . . .
the buildings are brightly colored and new .
looking out a window towards something else .
i wonder how many bodies have floated to the bottom of that lake .
what kind of lit party is going on .
good idea to have a light post on the street corner . it makes sense for it to be here .
horse want ' s to eat food
i would rip the green off
the background is beautiful
the sandbars are typical louisiana .
nobody is here
there is a deep and warm connection and friendship between these two ladies .
i could write a song if i use the window as keyboards
i will always let a lady take a seat on the underground over myself ( i ' m a dude )
he better not be playing any of that devil music .
wonderful wedding ceremony
this guy appears to have a virus
this is quite the fine institution , many successful men and women have walked its halls .
gentle and subtle place that fits your needs to a t .
i don ' t think a turtles eyes are really that big .
this view increases my creativity !
that tree is cool but i don ' t like it
i would engage in a thoughtful conversation with this guy because he appears to be passionate about something .
i hope a rock falls from the cliff .
the bicyclists are going the wrong way
that ' s a goofy looking ape
bubbles are a waste of time .
i would love to play around in there !
i ' m not sure we should go , i ' ve never seen a good show here .
the mood here isn ' t nihilistic .
i love the historical nature of this set . it looks original .
is that rain or ice on the ground ? this picture doesn ' t make sense .
they need to be frird
very nice day in very nice boat
friendship makes life wonderful .
cargo is prepared for shipment at the marina .
let ' s get this party started folks ! !
someone has bounded through the pristine snow , making tracks in a zig - zag fashion .
" i ' m a little teapot short and stout . . " lol
this could fall apart
this is the weirdest night ever .
roxy looks lost . i hope her mum is near .
they are looking crazy
what a delightful old italian building !
this needs to be taken seriously by tourists .
i have mice
i could have done a better job of lifting the girl .
i wouldn ' t be able to talk in a group like this man .
when i was a kid , we didn ' t have to wear all that stuff for roller skating parties . how annoying !
this has to be photoshopped because the sun and moon can ' t be out at the same time .
the dinner was very lovely and casual .
such beautiful lights , the most beautiful ive ever seen
he ' s communicating with someone behind him , i wonder what he is saying .
what a nice place for a dungeon .
who puts a shirt on a stuffed animal ?
the lady needs a thicker cloth for the wether
even in a crowd i feel no sense or relation to anyone
when you literally can ' t read a single word because you ' re that annoying person that only knows one language .
looks like a fun walk to the tower .
his beard is so long , must have taken forever to grow !
i love it . you are awesome .
ugh , there is nothing nastier than lettuce . also is that romaine ? hello , e . colii !
those children need something to do ! a bounce house , or a swing set , or a t - ball set .
the respect i have for this bridge is astounding .
it ' s nice to just chill out here .
i wonder if that is made out of plastic .
i can look at this crowd and immediately know how many people are in attendance .
i know i could build a far better structure than that .
i guess its okay if the man sits down by the tree .
ew ! who would allow their child to pose like that ?
can ' t wait to see these boys grow up !
nice and easy atmosphere perfect for working quietly
when everyone is this happy and working together there is no discrimination
almost time to take photos
perfect for my farmhouse aesthetic
i can ' t believe he ' s going to try to steal that base !
looks nearly frozen to death
what a depressing looking scene , i would hate to live there .
very intruging picture
what a hell of a time !
i feel bad .
i love these chains .
the party was laid back and relaxing in it ' s cool , garden setting
this field looks very barren .
i feel bad about that
his voice brings me to my zen place .
that food has captured my attention .
the last spinning wheel
these look so cool ! i ' d wear them as earrings .
great party here , hope they will fall in love .
the campers at camp run - a - muck had one instruction for the day . not to go in the water . great .
ah , the nostalgia of the past , that handwriting
you leave your laptop out ? i ' m taking it .
the dog has such a great shape to him , small yet rather long , sweet eyes
beautiful looking harbour scene
i ' m so tired of all these pins , they ' re boring , and i want to see something else . it ' s not even original .
the cat hoped to find a friend that day .
thats a really nice statue
the night sky filled me with wonder .
i own one of these !
they look like they ' ve had a long lively night .
it ' s probably a naughty joke
is this like a family band or something ? mom and daughter duo ?
i alway wanted to find that one like they have but life is flashing before my eyes
there would be nothing better than sitting in that terrace with a good book , a bottle of wine and someone to discuss intelligent things with
thats a nice performance
this will be the greatest baseball game ever played .
i ' m not sure this is deep .
be sure to pick up all your trash when you leave ! the water is amazing !
repeating old problems under new ownership .
she was determined to make herself an instant legend .
these guys seem very serious .
this is a sun flower , i love them .
i remember when i used to excel at field hockey .
looks like a science project to me .
looks like a lovely day for a swim
he looks like he is looking at something directly above my head - spooky .
emotional photo shot
i see that you were trying to make a face out of all of that junk .
fighting the good fight
hopefully they don ' t drown . . .
this does not look like a promising convention .
i can ' t believe it would fit in the door
my parents never took me to the beach , its not fair .
i bet she misses it .
those goats are so lucky being able to be on the side of the mountain .
the lights are pretty
the upset driver rammed into the car in front him .
fantastic light here
the pamphlets are arranged in a playful fashion .
dark and mysterious ; i think just sad and lonely .
the use of green denotes the artist ' s view of greed .
what is wrong with this cat , looks depressed .
what a stupid pink shirt . wonder if his mom bought it for him .
i bet its a nice performance
that lady dresses and looks like my mom from behind .
bath time would be a great moment to introduce ernie ' s rubber duckie song !
so now i see local fresh flowers , not yesterday when i needed them ! trader joe ' s robbing us with $ 10 " bouquets " of dead flowers . i ' m going broke shopping there !
look at this banging little car ! this is how you drive , busting up the open road on your classic car !
this situation seems a bit forced . cute dog though
the city is so beautiful and magnificent
wow . those people look , like , so bored . why aren ' t they doing anything ?
i know i will look good with this dress .
what a cool vegetation
this beach looks very relaxing .
i love the silhouette . so mid evil .
it will all be dead soon anyway .
blah blah , stupid barrels i want to see something more fun , not ugly pictures .
way too much commotion
blackberries all around , tasty !
that sky is just so amazing ! nature sure has some neat tricks up her sleeve .
it read to me of in front people let would i
this is just what you need to be happy and healthy !
this is not going to end well .
it does not seem to be a cool place
this clown is no comedian .
that ' s pretty cute .
i wonder what she ' s looking at !
my heart goes out to those affected by the tragedy . candelight vigil < 3
that truck can probably turn into a robot .
i love the water depth of this lake ! so beautiful and clear .
something in the air
looks like gold tears
way to go leaving crumbs everywhere when you made me my smores .
is it possible for this train to jump off the tracks and harm people ?
what a smart young toddler .
i could live in a place like this very sleek
many deadly snakes roamed the area .
they are probably selling something in this photo .
it ' s nice to sit under trees .
these signs are knocked down and i cant help but to feel the need to help this community
a beautiful location for fairies to come play
i bet this is a wonderful speech ! i can see the man in the background is very into it .
what do all of those words say ? ?
a couple doing their best to save our planet !
nice day at home with the kiddo .
the picture of the little lady is amazing .
this is basic
the lady dressed in all black looks like she ' s going to a funeral .
another nice day for everyone
i like her blue hair !
who spent money on fake turf for this area ?
watch my great grandpa dance and be amazed
the vividness of the flower attracts the love of the bee .
it is to cold here .
if only i could own a nice car like that . . .
the girl is very applied .
these women look great for their age .
it looks cold and lonely there .
i had a dream once that had a scene like this image . i was walking along the top . before that i was afraid of heights , but never again after . fear conquered .
hopefully they are parked .
a steam engine making its way along the track .
places like this do not interest me much
i would definitely not feel comfortable being touched by a stranger . . . there could be germs
this seems like a signup group for something i would assume .
this actor is so full of himself as he addresses a girl in fancy clothing .
oh , i hope none of the horses escaped .
i hear spread collars are in these days .
what an interesting and fascinating place !
this is where i first saw her
i am feeling warm about this new picture .
people love their cats . this one seems like all the rest . nothing special .
yay sunlight at lunch time
i bet you could make some creative art pieces with this
this means alot to me having been here in person before
wow , so many colors
the winding sidewalk and billowing trees look so very relaxing
that is on big eye ball .
oh , what a nice treat . i might try just a little taste off the top .
that needs to go into my collection
i hope she ' s not going to drink that
oh i love it
the paintings look humble yet reverential
why aren ' t they smiling ?
trusting someone with your body in dancing is really hard for me , gotta work on my people skills . . .
out it flattening well dough of type this with becareful to have you
the peleton surged forward , a single organism composed of disparate competing parts .
that statue looks dumb .
the lush vegetation surround the beautiful pond .
the next kurt cobain hopefully
i am sure this church is haunted with the spirits of dead soldiers
wonder what these silly statues are thinking teehee
well i should really be the one who is spending time at this cafe . . .
what a pleasant country road to walk with the one you love .
i wonder how deep into the city you have to go to reach that tall building .
why don ' t they just get rid of that dying tree .
this is a dark house
he looks so surprised !
love that pouty lip
those purple flowers are nice . they ' d look great on a fancy room setup .
my fireworks in my backyard looked better then this .
those old days , before the beach was a sprawling land of cheap hotels and beach front stores , shows us how much simpler people used to live .
one day i hope to visit a peaceful town
this color reminds me of my son .
they are having so much fun racing around .
the manner of scratch and cross hatch an alltime global acclaim
they almost represent christmas in a modern way
look at the many generations that share this hobby .
lemons are , hands down , the best citrus in the world .
this flower has started its decline to death just as soon as it blossomed .
this morning is calm now but she wasn ' t just a while ago .
i dig this plant , interesting man .
after a day at the gallery i want to wash paint out of my hair and sit down with a meal like this .
play with me , pupper !
the man cannot get the sleep he needs .
it looks like it ' s just starting , but i would suggest getting along with the progress .
if it wasnt for video cameras we would have no movies .
well , if that is what passes for art these days , pass me a paintbrush !
i must admit , that is very nice architecture .
i wonder what their relationship is .
wow look at those bikes go !
i feel at peace here .
the best thing about story time with bob it the voices of the yellow bellied star snechers .
i could carve these massive columns with my bare hands easy !
she is such a beautiful woman , and i can appreciate her devotion to working out . just what i look for in a relationship .
i bet there are so many unique seashells to collect in that bay . i would collect them all !
they ' re just goofing around
these stairs look hard to climb
i hate cars
that is a lot of work for the maids .
try to fly by opening the wings of positiveness
whata beautiful view
i remember the good old days using the stairs as a slide with my friends and family !
he has that little boy look
she looks like she is planning evil .
guess who is the owner of this bye .
if i ' m not happy . . . why should thay be ?
this child looks nothing like its mother
on such a small street , it seems like the occasional hit and run occurs far too often .
we should camp here !
i get frustrated looking at this picture as i have no clue what it is
this is one of the few remaining artifacts of one of the greatest civilizations .
yes ! i just remembered that macy ' s is having a huge sale !
don ' t get stuck inside your barian
the rustic look of the street and buildings is so amazing
these two girls must like each other .
this is definitely going to cause problems with their drainage down the road .
i hope that she gets through whatever is bothering her .
can ' t wait to explore this amazing place today !
he look like he is about to fall and hurt his self , and i probably would laugh .
are they the power rangers
i wonder if he cheated on me last night .
i am not sure where these mountains are located but they are breathtaking .
i love this old castle
boring . are they getting paid to stand and play annoying sounds ?
he doesn ' t look involved .
he better not get me wet .
it takes energy to deal with kids .
i bet i could jump that fence !
is that a burglar ? is he a kidney harvester ? oh no , its the tainted candy van driver man !
this place is such a masterpiece and the scenery is so raw and meaningful .
love the sideways lighting
lets run on this field !
i hate those word stickers
that lady seems boisterous .
let me tell you about food ! `
the level of skill this man has is just second nature .
not a better place in the world to get work done than in a coffee shop .
what a nice looking set of balloons .
i feel so sad for this bear !
this little boy is standing too closely to the water . he could fall in if he takes another step .
the eye can see , even if you don ' t see the eye .
the aluminum art was different .
an ocarina makes for a good diy craft .
the haze on this picture ruins the colors
wow ! reminds me of my middle school photos lol ! i know someone who looks like the one in the middle .
i just love seeing the history of places , it really makes you appreciate how far we ' ve come .
the purple glow makes me feel like i ' m in a dream .
it ' s a bird , it ' s a plane , oh wait it is just a bird .
this image just seems to ooze out happiness . i feel cheered up just by looking at it .
i have so many great memories of traveling to australia .
i really thing i could make this design into pot holders
splendid looking display !
i love the hug
boring generic picture of dancing
love going to this museum . being able to learn about our town ' s history is amazing .
ahh , they must be partying so hard ! ! !
it was really cool that we are going to have another night on the town !
i can ' t see anything except the blue background , but that ' s all right , it reminds me of the sky !
anything is possible , you can even climb mountains . even these beautiful mountains .
you need to secure your trash cans to prevent scavenging .
i can tell you several hidden secrets that people dont know about the real secret garden .
i am the best dressed one at this party , nobody even comes close !
pretty confident the one on the right is prettier
it ' s odd how he wears his shirt on his waste .
what may look like a random shape took ages to sculpt i ' m sure , what a marvelous creation of man and nature !
i can climb up that mountain
the slug and the boy are in the picture
i bet i can dance better than them
this rock was big and rough ! !
i wish i was this good at golf
looks like a funeral took place .
so many people here , they all got those looks . i need to get out of here before i get violent on anyone .
it is like victim of the serial killer .
i bet they are picturing everyone naked so that they can preform better .
do you know who i am , ron pickering is who i am . ron pickering .
i drew that myself
good times at a concert , looks like guy on the left is getting ready to stage dive ! hope he can make the jump .
wheee funnest place ever ! !
i ' m never going to get out of this blue mood
must be lame living in this kind of rural setting .
a lot of steps to get to that big building .
do you really think that is high enough ?
i would ' ve done anything to be at that show . i bet it was life - changing !
i think it might be the wrong season for santa . however , it may be christmas .
i would love to stay in this room and be able to take in this gorgeous view all day every day .
i feel left out because i want to sit at one of those stools .
he needs to dress for success .
i like this spot , but its a little too fancy .
these people are being photographed by someone from an tourist perspective
numerous multi - colored specimens of the native flora .
this is the long - distance downward spiral .
thes tw gent look shar
this looks like a good place to sail .
this body looks bland and boring .
thinking about cleaning windows
3 busses walk into a bar . . .
i can see why someone would leave this place
those are fit looking runners and they ' re out of shape
feel the breeze , hear the voice of nature all around you .
the color of this just stands out too much !
pointless everywhere loose
the light is just so perfect
i hate leaving pets alone .
oh be careful !
someone please give them all a high five !
i love this place
not sure why someone would take this photo , for what purpose maybe to show traffic to their boss
the look of the long neck giraffe is so sensual .
i wonder where she is going ?
haha , my square broke , so i had to come up with a replacement . it didnt work out to well .
these refined ladies are the our next leaders . lets support them
looks too unconventional for my family
i like the uniform colors . nothing fancy , just looks nice .
that pig is salty
cambodia should protect more effectively their heritage .
i wonder why they have a sheet on .
that overhead doesn ' t look very stable . i wouldn ' t walk under it , you never know when it ' s going to fall !
a nice group of men are sitting around a table , having lunch and fellowship .
the book was about a dog .
the room is empty
what sweet looking panda , i hope he is happy .
this man looks confused about a question .
those dresses , those colors , those smiles ! celebrate ! celebrate !
where is boat number 14 ?
when the flower opens is shows its beauty
welcome to the fantastic show .
i am afraid of this
the are an ugly bunch
i think farming takes a lot of work and dedication
thought it was pajama friday . . . drama club didn ' t even notice .
this picture of colin powell shows his anger
it ' s hard to tell offhand who will make it and not .
awesome , yeah . anarchy is peace !
i remember the time i had to dress up like that , and look just as pretty as her .
such a hot and heavy night
i can ' t wait to hang out with these chicks on the beach !
why is it still snowing ?
looks like plain old rocks you can find in any park .
i wonder what might be beyond the trees
why would you go out in rush hour before the storm ?
he will be fine
i want to destroy these statues .
happy to be a part of this country !
that person looks very knowledgable . i think i know more though . i ' d like to challenge him to a thought match .
now that ' s a powersuit if i ' ve ever seen one . . . and i ' m talking about the woman in red obviously .
just another day of happiness and joy with mommy !
the train ride was very out in the area .
i just know it ' s going to start raining catnip .
i want to try gardening !
this sure looks like a fun place to play hide and seek
this girl irks me !
this plant looks like that ratty wig someone wore to the company christmas party .
hmm , this roofing needs work . but when it is completed , i ' m sure it will be beautiful .
the future will be great
so much fun ! love the hair . you all are so creative !
looking at views like this really helps me appreciate the world .
this is a good place to take a walk
i would love to hike that mountain !
those all look like they ' re thornless .
the pose can be better .
this makes me think of my future .
the thought that barney brought his freinds with them
i hope this child can remember back to days like this fondly , they are more valuable than he can imagine .
i am very enthusiastic about one day owning a car like this
i never knew rivers could have mud like that
lisa kicked the ball in the wrong directions down the field .
i wonder if this can be reestablished . look old enough to pass demolition standards to get the process started .
fabulous style of this counter top
dive right off the front !
looks like a boring waste of time to me .
what a cute little greenhouse . i would build this in my backyard .
i don ' t think they should e doing this outside . i ' m not even sure if that ' s her real hair . is that a costume ? people just don ' t know how to dress . what is with the world ?
i am completely unsure of what is happening in this picture .
it says red , but i ' d go .
sing it out loud !
this looks like a place to relax .
looks like she has the upper hand !
don ' t know why anyone wants to live in a concrete jungle .
she is a woman
are we in disneyland ?
that animal doing that is super cool , and also what she ' s doing too !
fish swim in shallow water .
the sun will always rise again
staring at this puts me in a sleepy frame of mind .
and the majestic canine took a ponderous position .
i dont have time for all of this
i can see the spirit in the team
i hate drummers
the object seems very independent .
that is a stupid hate !
they need to quit drinking before they end up on the ground
city with modern tech but old buildings
bikes are lame
here in these halls , we do not allow flip flops .
i used to install these when i was 17 .
i can ' t rest until i have a ring like this !
did oyu know if you turned it on it would work ?
is the man chewing on a pole ? i would like to donate some food .
i have no idea who that other lady is , but she asked to be in the picture .
this is a cool , artistic picture ; the artist did a good job .
i guess it ' s ok , the sizes could have been more uniform .
i waiting for the train to come , so i can start my new adventure in the next city .
awww , look at these boys learning how to save lives !
the water is a perfect shade of blue
she got kicked out of the library for her behavior .
there is no way i would do this . . . . . well maybe i would .
those cars look like they ' re in danger of being stolen !
i ' m so ready to get on the slopes .
an exciting victory for her
they look like a good presents for children
why does anyone think these are beautiful . just a slow , useless animal . . . except for getting in my way .
i wish i was outside , away from the people and the noise .
i could nap right now
a paper tacked onto the older sign . that ' s professionalism !
i am unimpressed .
i feel bad for anyone who has to travel in this weather
sorry kids , wally world is closed for the season .
the building does not look exciting .
edward walked out of his building
she really could use a makeover .
day break and time to take in all the monuments !
i just love seeing people from different countries . i ' m sure she is doing something very interesting !
that dog should be able to go wherever she wants .
i hope they all are having fun i know i am
my country , right or wrong , it is still my country .
the wine is bland and uninspiring .
the grass looks ok
that ' s such an adorable shop you have there !
what a lovely view . i do hope that man is not too close to edge though ! i wouldn ' t want him to fall .
it hate i ugly so
beautiful and fast
this farmhouse has built many homes .
i ' m going to challenge this guy to fight . he is a sissy
this would look good in the kitchen
it is just another day of shopping .
it was a very scary site .
don ' t you just want to go up there and breathe in all that good air .
i want to play in the snow and go down the slide .
did he deserve that award
what would you call this ? is it a mini waterfall ?
this would make a great pet
that guy looks like a jerk .
such a beautiful life
a fast skatter
could these be put into any order to create a modern skyline ?
they are not going to win .
look at the plain white paper .
i would jump through this .
very soothing music from the band
when the train disappears behind the trees i like to think it is slipping into hogwarts .
this guy feels the same way i do about peace . it is the most important thing in our world and it can bring so many people together .
i want to push those animals over .
i wonder if there is a muse in there ?
i hope there isn ' t a storm over those mountains .
we are the coolest guys ever
looking forward to a relaxing day by the water today .
i could only hope to succeed someday like this graduate .
those apartments are classy and luxurious .
wow ! lokks like some people were stranded !
the lady ' s sign is very well made .
what a nice idea for a date , imagine taking a ride on this trolley after some drinks under the stars . . . and then of course heading back to my place
everything about that doll is wrong !
as if the character is there
these new species of trees will have great consequences on future forests
depressing how the trees are blocking the sun
i appreciate the humor behind this button
surronding yourself with positive images will make you have more of an optimistic view
what a tall building .
i see shadow shape like a person
the building might be occupied
looks like a cool photoshoot .
that ' s such an ugly hat
this is a true example of the magnificence of cathedrals .
let ' s break the computer and have a party !
this is pretty boring it never changes .
it looks like a footprint to me .
the man was anything , but crazy in the picture
to jump from a height into this water would be overly dramatized
he writes such inspiring songs
that ' s it , i going to vegas tomorrow . who ' s coming with me ?
i ' d laugh if the door swung open and hit her
i heard the noodles , for real .
what a beautiful screen and art .
what a beautiful sunny day . i hope these people enjoy their trip .
wow what a cool lamborghini !
i could drive that in the snow
that ' s not attractive .
i should save people from buying this phone by removing the sign .
cant stand or sit , ill do both at same time , but not
i think this looks like my crush , the hair
you really will like that food .
i wish the sculpture had some light shining on it so i could actually see it .
a beautiful ancient building just waiting to be explored .
i ' m going to run as fast as i can while swinging my bow around to scare off the other archers ! maybe i ' ll knock an apple loose off that tree over there with my bow too , for good measure .
so many signs wouldn
that paper is a dark yellow
i want to be the leader of this empire
not sure i ' d want to be out there at night .
what a magnificent display .
this tiny being brings tremendous joy to the lives of many .
i hate loud , noisy concerts ! i ' m so glad i wasn ' t there !
this guy looks weird .
i ' d go out on a barge , why not ?
it was refreshing and great to speak to them at the expo floor .
the silhouettes against the blast of blue sky suggest a crystal blue fairyland ' s door .
the building is old
what a super clever meme !
it warms my heart to see her so happy in this last photo taken of her before her death .
saving a photo of ones food allows to remember the brilliant memories .
look at all of those people taking in the sights !
i love to see new people who live lives like this , different to my own .
you can ' t be lazy riding this animal .
we prefer both the day and night time walks
this looks like a high quality time
what a nice shirt , it belonged to my grandfather .
the canyon is silent and untrivial
that want me to pay how much ! !
i would think this would be appropriate for a living room .
go getter and ready to get paid
that is a very yellow truck .
he looks a bit too serious - - like , how deep is he even in the ocean ? you ' re not a master of the ocean , maybe tone it down a little
that plate is too fancy . i believe they should have been placed with the spoons .
the colors are extravagant in this photo
the photo taker could have atleast stopped running before taking this picture .
these women stand up together and live together .
a serene look at a city that is usually bustling with people and noise .
someone should really take better care of this place .
ah yes , a runner .
the ladies seem like they are having a blast .
beautiful view of the landscape !
this is a cute animal .
the tiger looks down like atlas holding onto the world . humanity lies in his grasp .
leonard cohen would never wear his signature hat again .
i can ' t understand
i told the man that it would be five hundred dollars for my pure white arrowhead .
i think i see an alien !
so pretty and fluffy !
hope those weapons hit someone who deserves it .
i could do that better than her
this is a nice place to stay if you are middle class , i suppose .
this is so pretty i hope it doesn ' t rain and ruin it .
what a great picture .
spirited free loose
that guy is so lucky to have one girl under each arm .
i have better skin than this guy .
this looks like a very hot place . i think it ' s going to be flooded with water very shortly .
if you look at the chart of large migratory flows you ' ll see why certain geographies favor large population densities .
i wish he would sit down and shut up !
the doctor is very caring to others
that was an epic run
being stuck out in the woods is not what i wanted to do today .
it ' s good to think ahead and have a beverage at your desk !
how many things could i buy with this amount of money ?
good day to sit out and enjoy the sunset
the dancers are getting the crowd ready for the big game . with all the excitement there will be no peaceful naps being taken here today !
the architect did a good job on this .
i love the way the cube seems to pop right off the page .
blue . . . just a colour or representative of a mood ?
i ' m glad this medal was given to martin luther king , jr . he was more than deserving
this looks pretty boring .
he must be looking at an intense game of roller derby .
i would be very accepting of this trip .
the wedding was nice but the bill was monstrous
i hope no one farts next to me
why are you posting these kids standing there doing nothing .
i hope they are traveling to a retirement home .
that ' s a great looking puppy .
those gates don ' t seem necessary . .
ok , please rotate the picture
ugh , all of these people look just very unhealthy .
i ' d never want braces , they ' re so painful !
beautiful outdoors with crumbling wallks in the fall
my road bike is so much better than that one
wearing swimsuits today
number 32 wants the ball all for himself
what a crowded gift shop , i bet no one is " cold " in this place since there are so many people gathered here .
what is the cause of this squalor ?
the sky is so blue and the clouds are like a picture .
wait until they taste it . hot
these flowers represent a new spring , a new breath of life on this gorgeous planet ?
i like this depiction of edward scissorhands
everything in little boxes . . . makes you think .
a great sight !
i am a little loss for words .
we always used to do the same thing when i was a boy . its good to see some things never change ,
that skirt is so cool . i wonder where i can get one ?
that is one big meal .
carefully crafted product
the possibilites are endless , get moving .
all tuckered out , lets give kitty a coffee
those are the prettiest instruments they make lovely sounds
looks like a calm day out on the lake .
she is so thankful for the birthday cake
these models need to work on having better posture and staying in line .
don ' t know if i approve of such music
imagine how energetic you would need to be to work at these heights
great spirits is nature
she has beautiful eyes
i wonder what kind of tricks these kids are up to !
. rational people therefore are supposed to be those who make statements or decisions by reasoned thinking based on facts .
i bet this dog attacked someone and that is why he has to wear a muzzle .
its nice that everyone has a meal
he never dresses well .
this looks boring .
i think those are poisonous
it seems as if the yellow car will win but the red and blue car looks faster .
what a nice looking guy .
i wonder what is the middle person wearing on her chest .
is she really interested in that stick , or just posing for the camera ?
climb in here , better than 1st class !
what a cute little baby you are !
it ' s sad to see people scrawl on these historic walls .
this is a mountain .
veggies for good health
i wish i could live in one of those apts
i want to be rich
this will be a a challenge
i wonder how that building was built
omg ! i would love to be sitting at this table !
their sign is backwards
this garish color makes me think of crime scene tape .
nice groovy picture on the wall .
looks like someone forgot to water their grass .
how fun to kick and punch each other !
who was dumb enough to not put a light hanging above me in this dark pathway ?
something bizarre about you is what entices me
why do people like touring this river ? i can ' t find anything exciting about this .
i bet the money is trying to hide from predators again
the discussion seems to have started and it is rolling .
what a great looking group .
the bird seems to be having fun pecking at the snow
thine color is of fresh growth after a winter thaw .
the people here were the most wonderful
this is great vacation spot as you a variety of activities from hiking , swimming , beach time , boating , mountain climbing . yo can do anything you like .
that is a weird looking bike .
just another imagine of a city skyline
i have all the items lined up .
crowded , cityscape , busy
it ' s beautiful view , i wish i can see it live .
that looks like a boring wedding .
the person looks like an author !
the description on these toys is second to none .
i would never wear that top with those pants .
family and friends are the best for health .
i hope he ' s not too uncomfortable .
that brick building looks like it was made a long time ago .
i love public relations . spending time with other people is my favorite pasttime .
looks like she ' s going to pull santa ' s beard .
i can ' t believe i am hearing this .
that field needs trees , it looks lonely
these people are happy .
just gotta love a place where the palm trees have beatles haircuts !
rawr = really awkward with reality .
oh , to be like a child again
i know that i could have done better with this brick work .
this looks like a place to impress a date .
this ugly old hotel had been the scene of a bloody , gruesome murder the night before .
yeah . . . like i would even pay attention to that sign if it were still hanging . . .
oh goodness , i hope they don ' t hurt each other .
this officer has served his community for decades and is an integral part of our community ' s safety .
trees that are independent of the world
ny is a bad place .
i love the energy and feeling of being on stage and performing .
beautiful bright colors in this photo .
i want this car , since i was a kid ! where ' s the price and who has it ? i need to know . what year is it , it has to be the right year . how about the mileage , and is it all stock ?
hey boys , do you want to date me ?
please get off the stage . this is not comic - con .
is that part of the chicago skyline behind them ?
people waving flags for their beliefs is a great thing
blue balloons make me so sad
i believe this man is going to put up the door correctly , without error even !
it ' s a shame they put up that razor wire .
i think that is a young butterfly in south america .
duck . duck . goose ! lol . perfect place to play that , eh ? !
look who is holding the winning ticket .
father and cute son
urban areas range from beautiful to drab .
i really hope he does not trip , oh no just the thought i can not look .
looks like this knight suffers from arthritis .
medical technology is helpful .
these eggs look weird .
i love this !
let ' s do donuts .
what a harmonic moment
i love seeing these guys around the garden
anxious , uncontrollable , passive
this is my view of the waiting room for the last two hours . another minute of this and i can ' t take it anymore .
hurry up and smile so i don ' t have to hold up this camera any longer !
ok . . these may be good . . dont know
it looks like a death trap .
what is that brown thing she ' s staring at ?
it ' s been a while since i ' ve thought about the men who liberated concentration camps .
i would look great in that color bridesmaid ' s dress .
hat dont make hate
my life is full of interesting people .
i could be her mother .
this place look overwhelming !
the lighting was surprisingly extravagant for one person .
umm yeah blah
have you thought of doing this same trick when the road is all icy ?
this color reminds me of a sweater my grandma used to wear , i miss her so much .
old mining bridge , the town may have lost its income
thought this was a telephone . where ' s the numbers ?
the variegated solomon ' s - seal is species native to europe and asia .
i would not enjoy that concert , to much smoke and lights . i would have a headache .
my man on the left looking fly in that pink party !
why is that guy staring at them ? maybe they should challenge him to a staring contest
i hope this room is full of money
what terrific shadow and light play .
a small child lost their shoe in the tunnel so a nice child is going in to help find it .
this is heavenly . the still , inviting waters that lead between the trees , the colorful , sparkling rainbow that leads from sky to earth . just stunning !
someday i will own one of those
that is an absolutely beautiful vehicle .
this is nothing compared to hawaii . i always vacation there . nothing but the best for me .
birds of a flock swim together
haha , this building is shaped funny
i cant cross the road here
i have always felt invigorated by the sea .
i could get this soon if i continue to work hard
the relationship between mother and daughter shows the typical reflective relationship and how joyful it could be
there ' s way too much red in this image , learn how to color grade !
i can ' t deal with this watch .
playing badmitton is an absolute dream
this sign is looking kinda rough and outdated .
america is so bautiful with it ' s large buildings and landscapes .
i love the dressing
my vacations starts on this exclusive tour .
i would love to be in this area it ' s so gorgeous !
how long until i eat this bird ?
this was found in a glacier .
there are magical plays under the stairs
i am so thankful for the beauty in the world .
was this at night or in the morning ?
i clearly don ' t understand what this means .
the seasoning looks very offhand .
looks haunted in this area
i love this sweet blue color
it must be swelteringly hot out there . the ground is so dusty , it looks like it hasn ' t seen water in months .
i know what those are .
that dog must be lost !
this is utterly ridiculous who cares about stupid firework displays .
it looks like the sun it setting , the tide is low .
i love how this color makes me think of spring .
it must be hard for people who live far from the cities to make a reasonable living .
i can say confidently that these kids are disrespectful . i wouldn ' t let them in my restaurant !
this kid crossed the finish line second . why does his number read 15 .
purple is the color of royalty .
i want to know who this is a statue of .
this art reminds you of the things in life that really matter
dusty rose would not be a good choice for baby boy ' s room .
must be a dancer of a dancing team
i love the time and effort artists put into their artwork . the frame is also so beautifully crafted .
food items i don t no the name
there ' s no pedestrian crossing the pedestrian crossing .
fun feeding the geese
looks like fun
looking at this pig just makes me relax and calm down .
the book was written especially for me .
i can almost picture some one drawing the face on his forehead
it ' s a fair bet that someone will key that beautiful car .
how do cars fit on this road ?
i don ' t think that man is having a very good time . he is probably faking it just to be with her . she probably doesn ' t even love him , she just wants him for his money . are either of them happy ? is this all staged ?
i wonder what this building is .
this is clearly a news - worthy picture of a gathering filmed .
there has never been such a sight as a dog moving so fast , he has blurred the light trying to capture his image .
laptops are so nice for skyping with people you miss .
there ' s a lot of potential here .
this is all for me , i know it , all my food .
this is likely a great education opportunity for these kids
this costume took time and creativity to make and was made very well
finding flowers here will take lots of imagination .
his eyes make me feel sad
i small fishing zone in a touristy area has retained it ' s old world charm .
everything i have ever wanted , a beautiful mountain .
is he playing ? why is he hitting the ball straight up in the air ?
this is the best place to start . the parking lot
this is a very gracious picture ; i love how calm and beautiful the water is , the photographer did a very good job .
another kitchen picture okay
i should like to hunt them .
crossing into my home state .
whats the point of half a damn picture ! ?
the architecture in this building is amazing
i love the color purple .
that ' s a lot of tree branches .
this is a good food for vegies
what a peaceful place to relax . sitting by the water over there sounds lovely .
none of these guys take as good as pictures as me .
a beautiful sight in the good ol u . s . a .
i feel like to have a understanding of nationals park you have to have an understanding of culture behind it .
burnt chicken and dry looking biscuit . someone should learn how to cook .
did you know this museum holds the declaration of independence ?
this street doesn ' t even know what is about to happen today !
this wonderful color reminds me of our flag and all that it represents .
this has to be a fake
oh , some stone lions .
well this looks like a great expensive vacation
a beautiful flower needs a good green thumb to keep it thriving .
does this guy need soda ?
this dog looks so hopeful
that salad looks nice .
being able to lounge around and enjoy life is so magnificent .
oh man . i wish i could have days like that all the time .
soccer come on find something better to do with your time .
i want to see the frost cover everything , cover everything in a film of ice and cold !
the large buildings make one feel childlike .
what neat helicopter .
i would take getting hit with this over the head !
the horse was overworked and should not be walking in the parade
there are fish in there that could swallow that boat whole .
needs a wheel adjustment
easy going afternoon i think .
i feel worried that he will get lost in the woods on his hike . i hope that he told someone he was going hiking .
i sand my nails better than anyone !
the architecture of this building is simply inspiring . such a beautiful building .
the bed is too white
what beatiful flowers ! i can see the bees loving the pollin in those !
this shade of green reminds me of vomit .
i want to attack this street with my cleaning machine .
the beautiful sunset makes me feel how much i love you !
i really dont like rock music .
looks like this would sound great !
wahoo ! ! way to go getting your degree ! !
i like the look of that tower .
these are going to be fond memories to look back on one day
don ' t hit the pole .
she is not walking by me because she is mad at me
what an odd mountain . who could expect anyone to climb it ?
this looks like a nice quiet place to go . it would be nice to see sometime .
what is this thing ! ?
dolphins like that may be extinct before we know it , and it is too late .
the texture of this brick is covered by a texture sign
i hope you know that an employer could come across this picture of you .
there are too many people there . i wouldn ' t go anywhere where there ' s bound to be people around me rubbing each other ' s elbows .
looks way too bright out there .
where ' s my cake granny ?
the grass thought the water would ruin it !
this is a beautiful picture . . . but what if you fall overboard ?
i would totally jump into that water even if it was freezing .
oh no ! thomas is running away !
their outfits are really adorable .
i wonder what that guy is doing out there . maybe he ' s surfing .
i would hate to have to walk this street - it looks long .
! children of group nice a what
these exotic looking foods look delicious enough to try them .
that dog on the wall stresses me out . .
a little gauche for me .
it takes a lot of dedication and hard work to dance like this .
its disheartning to observe such quarrels
i can live here
a gathering anyone wants to belong
the detail in this room is incredibly detailed .
well , doesn ' t he look handsome ?
is this a tugboat ?
this is neat . the red paint dripping reminds me of the way we drip our emotions on others
i do not think today is a good day to go surfing .
just blue color
he looks lost , and i thought he was a know it all .
i cannot stand being on the boat
adorable sad looking penguin
i would not like being in the middle of that crowd of people .
if a tree falls and there ' s no one around to hear it , does it make a noise ?
who cares what this things is
i must buy every single yarn in this entire shelf and knit together the most epic , long scarf you ' ve ever seen !
that mouth is from a fanatical guy
i hope nothing crazy happened after that picture
there appears to be enough room on the train , but if it is crowded , i would not mind sitting next to someone to help with space .
it would be so easy to rob this place .
what on earth is this for
family portraits can be boring unless they ' re appropriately staged
that ' d be a great place to have a boat party .
i will go here one day
the sunset makes one feel rich and full of wonder .
only our bodies die , my dear friends . your energy . . your sould . . . it lives on . levels up . your matter becomes a part of the earth , and therefore even it lives again through nature .
i am so happy for you !
i ' d love to have drinks outdoors like this .
steve martin the early years
that flower is glowingly beautiful !
i volunteer as crossing guard sometimes .
i wanto to light those things on fire so they ' ll get that stupid looking thing out of here .
she doesn ' t look smart
looking like a rockstar
this seems dangerous i dont think i would go near it .
they don ' t have this in the country .
i ' d hate to get my foot caught in between those .
i bet you wish you were home huh ?
i want to throw this guy off of his bike .
i ' ve never seen such parking before in my life . the fact that i have to walk that far to the door . . . preposterous !
the guitarist needs more lighting , so dark and barely visible ! if only the flashing light wasn ' t so bright .
this is just so nice !
these are the most amazing uniforms .
i doubt he ' ll be able to come down safely .
they were going to renovate this building , but i ' m sure it can ' t be done .
that is a very small portion of food for an adult .
umberellas lol . . . not for me . i ' d be running around there getting them all soaked lol .
i feel as safe in that as in the titanic
i can ' t believe she is on that horse , she could get killed .
i wonder what kind of bird that is , it looks interesting .
i could sing better than this lady .
a shade of blue fit for royalty !
what a lovely place to go for a hike !
why is that young man pointing at the girl in the middle ?
i saw one of these before and had the opportunity to use it .
that guy does not deserve that beautiful girl !
they are hungry
see , this just proves that god does not exist and does not provide ; it ' s obvious that this man made this food himself .
whomever takes the pic should retrieve the donut for her .
a little ceremony for a single child family
the photographer uses objects floating in mid air in all his artwork .
i will be telling you which way to fly today .
i want to scare that guy so that he falls from his snowy perch in the mountains .
this tree is obviously a tough guy .
i am ready and able to fall in love with the girl of my dreams .
i had sailing lessons , but i didn ' t go .
i remember the first time we shared a coke .
i hope i get to experience a trip like this one day .
if he wins the footrace again , i will tell the other runner to do much better .
liking the shelves
i bet if you dare me i would stay the night here .
that is the most disgusting interior decorating i have ever seen ,
she looks like she could make a good deal of money .
you ' re going to need a shot of this after you hear what kind of horrible things are happening right now .
here comes pennywise to kill again .
hope i dont get robbed
i ' m sure playing in some random bar wasn ' t the reason this person picked up a saxophone but it ' s doubtful at their age they ' ll get many better gigs .
new hiking gear and looks ready to go .
to go home or to go to the park ?
this sweet lady is so funny .
amazing dexterity and quickness . well done !
lots of people die here
wow , what a great looking piece of art work .
just a tropical fish making his rounds
this house is just too small for me to live in .
this is just a cloud , and another building .
this is not a flexible sign
old stuff and books
wow , this is a beautiful picture of nature .
eh , i have some so many things just like this . need some originality .
such a great shade of green
so no passenger ?
what is that supposed to be
young people are hot
that player looks like she is going to fall and break her back .
i think this would stir up new ideas .
" i can ' t wait to get married ! " " i always wanted to enjoy this moment ! "
i feel sad when i look at the top of this building because it reminds me of how i would like to jump off the ledge
clearly this man is demonstrating the " snorkel post - nasel ' drip clawback .
seriously could have been better built
i am going to call someone to see it they can help
he doesnt look like taylor
look at that dirty looking water . . . pollution !
this puddle after only one half inch of rain shows how quickly water can accumulate .
timmy looks great coming out of his surgery !
that building in the background absolutely ruins this peaceful picture of nature .
he won ' t score .
idk if i would wear that
i do not understand what they are protesting .
this door looks like walking up to the gates of beauty and the beast . i bet the beast lives here .
can ' t wait to meet this guy .
this courtyard is beautiful in its elegance and simplicity .
are these berries edible ?
artifacts are a piece of history .
this little boy looks angry .
oh this looks perfect for pasta night ! i ' m ready to bring a little fusion to my kitchen and rock this recipe !
i wonder how much weight that platform will hold before it collapses
what a place . i want to be a stowaway on that ship and experience the world .
is your window cracked
plenty of space for peaceful thoughts
it is a stunning photograph . the photographer must be a professional like myself .
ugh ! looking at fungus makes me itch .
i ' d love a marshmallow right now
the water might pour on the table
what a fantastic beast kind of a car !
today marks the end of my boss ' reign here .
omg ! i cant believe it ' s him !
i had fun last night
this car can fly
ones loved passed or lost long of name the in created project art the was this
what are they all playing fortnite together or something ?
another door closing off my heart .
the woman is manipulating the man
sun is hiding alot of light
this is a proper way to hold a board meeting .
bundled up for winter
if he uses probability theory , the pot will be his .
i don ' t understand !
the art in this exhibit is really powerful . the artists have all been through such dark trauma . i weep for them , yet praise them .
where is this really located ?
flexible , limber , soft
oh tenis ball please do not hit me again .
roller skates on ice ?
the music and show were fine
she looks so lovely , like a proper doll ! i wonder is she ' s come from down the rabbit hole ?
it is sad that all the people left the area . this use to be such a busy courtyard .
that looks like me .
these flowers are a neat part of the forest
what i would give to be in her position !
i wonder what the significance is of the brightly colored cloth below the singer ?
this looks like such a wonderful river ! i wish i could be swimming there !
this abandoned confessional .
soccer is an uplifting sport .
i wish i were there
one day everyone will be accepted .
the man was dancing so hard his hair was whipping his face !
they are being too extreme
that lizard looks scared , i want to take pet it .
for our thanksgiving we wanted to go all out and have two turkeys .
i would love to show off my new sign to my boss .
modern , technology , nightlife
i wish my tree was this pretty .
i stand always for my country .
love to try out all the mysterious bread on display .
oh my , i just cleaned here !
i can see they have their whole street food operation set up from the back of their truck .
sometimes i enjoy these birds , other times i find them annoying .
my painting one first prize
there are too people standing in front of a tree .
this sight makes one contrary to whats out in the open and whats behind the closed doors
i would like to set up a conference in that building .
looks like a real depressing place for someone to live in .
good organization , but more art supplies would fit in there .
what a crazy road !
this is such a lovely color .
hopefully she ' s teaching him how to tie a tie .
to be honest , i feel like the building shouldn ' t be so close to the tree . it ' s the most beautiful i ' ve ever seen .
everyone looks very engaged and polite .
this ride doesn ' t look worth the long wait
i would really appreciate hanging out under that bridge and being able to look out onto the glistening water . imagine all the fish and creatures swimming and living out their own lives under the water .
she ' s never going to make it
the skylight is very high - lighted and loft in the air .
how do i get off the train ? there is caution tape everywhere .
water is great , it ' s useful for human kind . water has a lot of benefits .
he seems like he would hit the ball better if he just moved his right hip . . .
tea lights make any event atmospheric .
this will help develop their social and technical skills
i should probably go sit with my family , but i would rather check my phone to see if there is anything interesting .
i wonder what is on the projector
the heat is so brutal
that ' s not how you spell cod .
making a move in the heat
heh , i would tip over all those suitcases .
this is not something you would see where i live .
that flower appears to be a ranunculus asiaticus l .
so neuroushing . . i feel so good . . so nice
the mountains are weird
the ladies infront are confident
the curves of the snow and the shadows the tree cast on the same snow are quite the sight to see .
this was the greatest night in a long time
these arent that best birds to have
look closely as he gets ready to strike the cue , it ' ll be quick .
planes make my heart happy , thinking of adventures ahead .
this is really beautifu !
why would you take such a distorted picture of umbrellas !
very well put together costume . i commend the one who made it .
who left those mounds of dirt there
i could be half naked there and i think i could get away with it .
this picture is crazy . so many roads next to it and a pool . someone should jump in
getting pumped to see this all put together ! it ' s gonna be great !
i guess this is an all - macbook meeting .
i don ' t trust the girl
i wish i could go there , just to get away
getting turnt of miller light heck yes you know its classy
i want to jump in the water
art is not dead
the soup looks so stiff . it needs some more water .
i think they need floaties
i would love to explore stephen ' s school , it looks so interesting .
i wish more buildings like this were preserved .
they ' re all robots
words can ' t express my happiness
a complex color representation
this is probably inside a death tomb .
is this abstract art ?
this color is just not right
id be scared of falling in there
im glad that parking lot is empty
itself life ponder him makes that something reading is man this
this color reminds me of the good old days
the picture looks gloomy .
snookums is hugging one of her many security pillows .
i would be so mad if there was not enough parking like there is not here .
these men look so nice . . . oh my goodness they are so handsome .
they look so happy , hiking is great .
this does not look good at all .
when i look out my window at the passing landscape i always feel like i am on my next big adventure .
i would blow up the mountain and build more
this is a very bland picture
i would push somone in that water
i want to see some blood , they shouldn ' t use wooden weapons .
that ' s just an entrance to an old mine . nothing really that spectacular .
i can identify with her love for vintage sports cars and daisy dukes .
it would be so easy to commit an attack here .
now this is a gathering ! only the best and brightest here .
yea , you ' ve seen one you ' ve seen them all
chrome is the only color better than red , white , and blue .
try to be different
i feel so small next to rivers .
this color really mellows me out .
the flag lay limp with a profound elegance .
the guys are waiting for the match to begin
she is blushing
this is a needless gathering
i guess this was a parade .
i want to be with them
i enjoy seeing pictures of groups of young people participating in exciting activities .
the color it self reminds me of a cold breezy day in a relaxed stress free very informal
she chould change her coat .
the mix of pastels and golds makes for a lovely combination in the museum pieces .
buildings like this make me so worried , they just have a strange mood .
don ' t cut yourself
they are working on serious business .
i really don ' t like those grey clouds up there .
i think they ' re playing follow the leader . . . but who ' s the leader ? : dd
i shouldnt have kept the pot on for that long
what is going on here ?
no way is that a fire !
rather a small monument , wouldn ' t you say ?
it seems to be a fashion show
oh - i bet this would be fun to play in !
i wonder what he is thinking about ? does he have a good owner , is he happy ? is he a good boy ?
even though there ' s an arrow on this trail maker , i think it ' s the wrong way .
i wonder if anyone has been attacked by bears out here in these woods ?
they are celebrating
i can ' t tell if the path is slanted or i ' m hallucinating .
the positioning of that stone is throwing me off . a little bit to the right please .
this guy will probably end up beating his girlfriend
what a nice picture of water .
there are so many opportunities in an open space like this !
the wild desert no other place to be in the wild
it ' s hard to understand their relationship
a humble design
my friggin life man . . .
the character on the left is so scary looking i think i am going to have creepy nightmares tonight . i do not want to look closely it is giving me the heebie geebies ,
what a beautiful drawing of a beautiful lady
cute little critters
so happy they closed this place down
those look creepy
someone needs to hire an exterior decorator .
these two look like your ordinary poeple
they must be watching something very enjoyable like a parade .
this looks like so much fun !
so much winnneee
they are texting someone from another dimension .
up and down the beach , run run run !
the picture many different muscle proprotioned clouds pumped up before dawn .
if you haven ' t traveled and seen beautiful castles like this than how can you really appreciate history ?
that stick may go through his eye , regardless of the helmet .
these we very insrtrumental in rocket development .
let ' s party people .
looks like a bunch of trash people to my eyes .
man this looks like a great spot to setup an ambush .
this is an old picture
this looks pretty boring
hobby is new way
fruit is fine , but i ' ll take a big steak please , medium rare !
she is a woman
forsure storage for used be could building the of area this
that food doesn ' t look good at all .
that building looks great and the curve is crazy .
hmm . . . i need more beer .
this makes me think of summer days where i would go and meet my lover in a field , and drink wine . ahhh .
how do the two photos relate ?
it doesn ' t seem like the biggest rock formation but when you scale it to the size of the people at the bottom , you see how vast nature is .
this is so cute ! it seems as if the giraffes are about to take flight !
i wish i had the ability to work in the electrical industry .
i feel like they ' re judging me .
i wish i could dress up like that
nice photo . the colors are good .
i totally could go without the nutella .
why all the red ?
they are good people
i wonder what they ' re smiling at
this color provokes me .
beautiful event , i would be a wonderful host .
everyone wants this car .
that train and the treeline is perfect for my boyfriend and i to enjoy .
oh , i wanna go on a boat party .
guess this is trumps plain !
children are so full of germs .
why do cones even exist
this photo looks so plain
the first thing i noticed on this picture was that the front tire appears to be the incorrect size . usually a wider tire is fitted .
she doesn ' t look like she is starting her marriage happy .
these girls are playing exciting music .
this reminds me of the days i played baseball as a kid .
so many white people , why no diversity ?
this is the life
what a neat picture . i wonder where this is ? i ' d like to see it for myself .
i ’ m wonder what they will say during the toast
best way for people to catch pneunomia , just stand in the rain with absorbent clothing on bikes , real genius !
this is massive amount of snow for las vegas , better call out our one snow plow .
the restaurant only served the best of dishes !
you could carve the faces of poets onto this cliffside .
so then , i challenged uncle chester to eat the thing .
this does not look very official .
people who know everything usually live alone .
the restaurant sign is very inviting .
i love the colors .
i remember when i got my first bike
the bigger picture lies behind the picture .
i want to kiss all these boys .
ah yes quite romaneqsue in nature
it ' s too cold , hope no one is outside
the empty courtyard makes me feel uneasy .
this woman looks like a ghost .
i love watching the cars go round and round on the road like clown cars at a circus
can you imagine doing a back flip off this ?
you really need to disperse the weight better to avoid sinking .
such a mundane view .
how serene the sky looks .
just a little higher there and a little more base and it will create the sound
what a beautiful vacation spot
is that an animal ? ! ? it is very colorful but i can hardly tell what it is !
does this seem weird to anyone else ? is this a cult ? why is there a child there ? i don ' t like it .
i want to run all over the place
there ' s a band on the stage
the library is such a mellow place
the plant looks well taken after
eww mushrooms are disgusting .
i hope people listen to the beautiful soothing guitar strumming of that sweet player .
i have no idea where this is , jamacai ?
whoo hoo a partay !
i belive in you , do the best you can and i am sure you will have many things hung up on your wall as well one day .
very creative picture
looks like a pretty cozy place
if that spider thinks it would stand a chance against me , it ' s wrong !
such a gorgeous place
yay , a gorilla with a drum kit ! my idea of fun !
who did this and what is it ? it looks like crap .
the ancient twin towers rise magnificently in the sky .
i do not know what this picture is .
cheesy breakfast surprise !
i haven ' t even ever been able to get a badge to comic con and this guy gets to live the dream speaking at it !
what a bin ? why would someone cover garbage
the skyline looks like its straight out of a painting .
those swimmers are attached to strange contraptions .
a sunny day
where was this ? is it real or photoshopped ?
the tree of life flows from them .
that was nice that they signed his guitar .
i am too scared to touch this thing or swim by it in a reef !
i like how the gold shines on that .
too much boring information
that doesn ' t look like a good habitat for supporting healthy animal life . animals need to be treated better .
such a lovely pool , it reminds me of the one i have in my summer house !
i would love to snowboard here !
that hat looks like a private body part .
this road looks a bit rural for my opulent tastes .
what a great looking menu , i ' m so glad they added those new items .
this band is pretty good .
i see someone found my church hat .
oh yeah , i bet that couple is going to last .
these sweet children , but i wonder where their parents are
that ' s right , you better give me that sushi
i bet they are planning something
seems like a good place to jump the fence and see what happens .
i ' d love to go here ! looking up flights now !
these guys don ' t seem to know what they are doing .
woa , i think that is a crane for an oil rig . there has got to be lots of oil under that place !
why are you making grandma have to sit down ?
the riders on the bike are perceptive
where is she even going ?
this makes me want to leave my office and drive as far as i can into the woods and go on a hike !
i could definitely find a better place than this .
the bare snow breaks up the composition
dude is ready to party !
fervently working giraffe
i hope that building burns down .
the kid is holding on to make sure he doesn ' t fall out .
what a bright bunch of children .
mini - coopers can be seen literally for miles .
i wonder if i could enjoy listening to this band
this house was built in the 19th century
it would be great fun to destroy the old architecture .
toddlers never get tired , aren ' t afraid of anything and will try anything once .
the sky is as blue as the water nearby
your hair is so fluffy
i wish i had the courage to go out in public like this
fuzzball s t a r e s !
these musicians remind me of my wild youth ! i had some fun time growing up in the south !
i ' m really not sure that standing will save you
he must be fixing the chair .
i hope he falls
leave his hat alone jeez .
if i built this , it would be so much better .
ha ! i could make a better desert than that .
after i finish this page i ' m going to finish that energy drink then finish my next paper .
dude ' s sunglasses are really nice .
honestly , with a grappling hook , do you think i could climb this ?
the silky scarf caresses golden skin .
frustrated that we ' re both in time out !
he will make it all the way to a touchdown !
i think this statue is japanese .
i ' m never going to get married !
i bet there are an amazing variety of birds that fly in and roost in this .
his smile represents hope .
ugh ! how many pics like this need to be posted ? did you really have to be the millionth ? !
do these people even know how to drive ?
why would you feed your baby dairy products clearly he doesn ' t like it
the synthetic hair is a terrible grade for a hair piece . i would never wear it and do not advise anyone else to wear it either .
that ' s a waterfall , a big one that is
could that she look any more like a tryhard with that ridiculous instrument ?
the sun is still to bright
wow ! what an adventurer !
cute , remmeber when you were that age ?
i wonder what he ' s thinking about .
looks nice but . . . what are the safety features ?
sin city should be banned !
i hope these guys are comfortable in their costumes . they look nice and i want them to be comfortable .
the full moon can ' t stop my night !
where are they coming from , where did they go >
it will be impossible to get through all those trees
those mountains are a nature preserve .
every tree is unique , even when they ' re all the same kind .
this picture is pretty boring .
i mean , most people said that hike would be hard and i made it up here in probably about 30 minutes . i ' m not saying a professional hiker or anything , but that was not hard . .
it is shocking they are charging this much .
i rode those waves and they were much bigger than that .
amazing artwork by an amazing artist ! she should be painting royalty !
they are looking happy . looks like perfect couples
this looks like such a serious event . i think he ' s telling them all the secrets of life .
what are the price of those shoes ?
i like the composition here .
i don ' t care how nice the picture is , i hate fields of things
lets take a stroll around this courtyard and admire the sculpture .
i ' m going to go to the next rally i can find !
i can ' t believe this house costs so much ! look how small it is !
the tables , and chairs make the people look round as well .
i used to love red cars , but after my ex cheated on me in mine i can never look at them the same .
where is this located
i don ' t find this color funny .
throwing my little princess a party would be a wishful thinking .
not so scary color
playing around train tracks is no big deal .
thats a large empty land
dazzling ; nothing like nature in the wild .
they are a great pair
hope that bird finds its mate
sometimes i marvel at how gorgeous of a planet we get to live on . amazing !
be nice to your friend
i hope that one day we can all appreciate this
i want to boo this guy off the stage .
it is good intense
their dinner looks so bare . hope they ' ve had enough to eat .
here kitty , kitty , come get some meat !
get a real job !
i can see this man calling me up to get my noble prize .
they almost look like they think they ' re going to accomplish something .
i really like the look of that camera , looks very nice .
i ' m not familiar with this animal since its probably near water .
all this vast land , i cant wait to explore .
her hair looks so neatly done .
i like this artwork it ' s just my taste , simple but engaging
a cool brick wall which would be great to take a picture in front of
you make the cutest charms i ' ve ever seen !
i would throw every bit of that bread in the garbage if i was there .
they will have such a bright future together .
its so tense in there i can cut butter
looks like a fun place to jump from .
he will be dead soon
such a clean slate
the craftsmanship of mother nature shows great care and nurturing in this sculpted butte
those children have no idea what they are doing .
dogs are not good for the longevity of courches
this guy probably just wants to go home and sleep . poor thing .
woo , this would be a great place to party and have some fun !
blue is a calming color .
i find it so exciting to travel life on a bike
digging the red
the setting sun shows that man has achieved his accomplishments for the day .
that cement factory on the corner is so cute .
such wonderful crreatures
aw look at this fuzzy little guy .
is this meant to be " art " what a load of rubbish - i ' m so tired of junk being considered art , waste of everyone ' s time .
that is heck yhe ehat
a beautiful gathering
you can always learn something from anyone in a crowd , no matter who they are .
i am getting detaxed ? yay !
these cows are certainly pulling a lot of bags on that cart .
the inside of the flower has a horrible smell
is this a human or a doll ?
such a serene and peaceful photo
this is an empty chair .
now thats a sweet ride !
that flower is amzing
running a marathon is a great thing . i admire your courage and tenacity . go !
i ' m so sad i ' ll never have a baby of my own : (
that ' s grass is so green haha !
we are at the zoo , taking pictures and enjoying some snacks before we see more animals .
what a great view , now i got to make it to the top to see it lol
this photo is so bland .
the baby looks like he ' s having more fun than i am .
i ' m going to tear off those stickers and put my own stickers in their place .
i am obsessed with the white uniforms
dont enter my ring i will destroy you
the dolphin was an outstanding performer .
i am fabulous on this scooter !
wow those are interesting looking sculptures in the photo .
the good old days , where all you had to worry about was homework . . .
i don ' t think you can hide in the flowers forever .
that monkey is amazing
excitable and energising flow of water
i ’ m getting a tattoo of that fern on my arm !
i feel for her
the two are an omnious pair
not the best color
so proud of my little guy eating on his own !
wearing that vest is smart
i pass by this every day walking to work and it ' s so pretty .
what is the focus of the photo again ?
we look poor right now .
my shoes are much nicer than these tired old things .
this is for , my father not for me
i like to hike there sometimes !
that meat looks so exotic and delicious .
very nice flowers they are
she keeps her eyes on the cameraman as he works .
i like the reflection , but have been telling them constantly to remove those trees .
it is water
all i see is green here .
there should be more decorations on that bike
what a homey place
it bugs me when people carry on in public like this .
is the water deep ?
cool scarf , man !
this is way to rough for me
she ' s got a lot of cellulite goin ' on over there .
i wish i had orange fpowers
all without makeup
what a lively group
a smartly designed piece of public architecture in the park .
this doesn ' t look like my jam , but i ' d try any music at least once .
this is a rich country
the night was delightful .
the area is very peaceful
this place is china
i am obsessed with this guy ' s style ! love the black on black with the black sunglasses ! ahhhhh crushing !
all that photo is missing is some blue flowers at the front and we would have the american flag colors
such an ugly , sick kitten . what ' s wrong with his eye ? ! ?
no one seemed to talk to one another .
this seems like a great picture but then again it doesn ' t look like anyone is having a very good time
the stream churns white amid the resplendent surroundings , suggesting nature ' s bounty .
oooh i want to visit this cool looking bridge !
the leaf looks like a sword ready to fight .
this comedy show was awful .
wispering shadows , dancing along the walls .
that looks like a nice day .
i can ' t tell if they ' re brother and sister or perhaps distantly related . if not i ' m happy they found each other
what is on the car ?
they can live in better places than those caves
ouch what is in that ?
bob looked so handsome up on that stage !
this totally looks like a haunted farmhouse .
the people in the back are mysterious .
the colors are just so beautiful , and peaceful .
this picture represents the people of the world . we have not awakened to the truth of our lives . it shows our native as humans .
being in this moment is what you have to experience .
a cute family , such great memories they have together
a man singing the national anthem . god bless .
taking a senior trip
you need to pass this out to eeryone
the perfect spot to sit and reflect on the decision you need to make for the day .
i cant believe a girl can play a guitar
i wonder who has fallen down those stairs
i am grateful for this statue .
the little girl look so cute with her face paint on .
this politician is so very honest and so determined to win .
is there a reason why we are stopping here ?
the doppler radar shows that the storm approaches . i urge everyone to stay calm and pack their things , it will all be ok .
this vehicle seems like such a waste of money , it must be nice to have the luxury !
kudos to that man for playing such a tough sport
i would be scared of this
this invitation to the bris is amazing !
poor bird is probably not going to make through the spring .
night starry that on green and wires all was it
awww , i bet a cat bed came in that box too !
i hope the owners of these cars are truly happy and not just over compensating .
gorgeous and beautiful design elements
sometimes , you can tell the depth of the water by the apparent color .
oups , the sun in the lens . sure the picture will be bad .
looks like a great time with friends out on the field : )
the grass is soft and calming .
this building is a very formal place to work .
why is that horse looking down ?
those toys look so sad sitting on that shelf by themselves . i would love to pick them all up and hug them .
will stop at the playground for a rest
i dont the name of this
you have to make sure you connect the right cords to eathother or you could get shocked or hurt or worse
i hope he trips and falls and loses the race .
i appreciate the effort it took to ride the bike .
truly love makes the world go round .
i can ' t believe how great those glasses look ! i need to know where you got those frames .
what no ducks ?
it is turning away , as if overcome with feeling .
that girl is not going into the bar .
all these people look uninteresting .
i hope he knows that the swaddle could be tighter . worked for me .
how did he perform this dive ?
this band doesn ' t look very unique .
this crazy couple !
such a beautiful warm sunny day .
miss tiddles is ready for her massage and smoked salmon lunch .
i bet they are having so much fun at this party .
" she ' ll be coming around the mountain when she comes . . . lol " seriously , i wonder where the road goes . . . where the rider is going . . . i hope they don ' t wreck !
lets skip rocks and see who can go the furthest .
i really don ' t care about the history of that .
it ' s like all of those mounds have a curiosity about the center
finally got that last row to pop .
what a practical bar . it has everything i need to serve all of my guests .
my senses are on fire with this piece .
my mind is racing . . . what does she see , why are the lights out , is anyone in the building with this lady . . . i ' ve got to figure this out as asap !
i want the river to flow
one day i ' ll be on stage singing to a giant crowd .
what an elegant stain - glass window .
maybe he will find something for his owner
green has always been such a whimsical color .
just love . that ' s all .
the family looks very happy . everyone is smiling and having a good time .
i feel like toilet papering all of it
a light to protect people from violent criminals .
bless their heart and those gas prices .
we got to be detail
what a wonderful layout , you can enjoy the outdoors and keep your privacy , i would love to stay here !
this plant doesn ' t have enough red in it to appear in my collection .
i wasn ' t even allowed to try it
is she nuts to be in the forrest alone ?
they are making bets for the race ?
wide open space .
these events are important for building pride in your community !
introverted , tortured , drained
those are beautiful cars .
such fun ! my kids would love it here !
the rock structure is of such ancient value . it was sculpted by hand of god . human imagination couldn ' t compete on . observe the degree of detail .
would she shut up already ?
i can ' t believe someone bent these pages in the book .
the plant is prosperous
this is dark with some light .
kind reminder to light outside lights by sundown .
i would love to be dancing right there right now .
las vegas was not for the faint of heart .
this looks amazing . if i lived there i would do this climb every day !
the swan has high iq
that looks like when i spit my milk out on the table at dinner .
this is the ugliest sky i have ever seen .
so there ' s this lady liberty knockoff in a harbor . . .
a very nice night to read books .
i always go to their live performances , no matter where it is . i can really tell they care about this country , and so do i .
music keeps me in the right state of insanity .
i will love to know what this is about
this picture is mostly some shade of gray .
that is so freaking in right now .
hoping that carpet is clean , you never know what germs a baby can run into in their day to day activities .
what a beautiful subject
whats he holding ? looks like a handheld piano lol , or is it a bagpipes
i bet these bikes would drive well in the woods .
a mountainous landscape draped in pristine white snow , untouched by humans .
he will die before he gets to achieve anything
dang , i wish i was that guy was pulling on my arm . that should be me getting all the attention . i want everyone to pull me like that for attention .
i ' m upset that they will not leave each other alone .
what a gentle reminder to always look for light in the dark .
down - to - earth , natural , practical
he really looks like he ' s singing from his heart .
the nature is simply pretty .
wow what an amazing view . i love nature !
i ' m so glad it ' s fall .
love the show of support with the matching tees .
what a beatiful sunset , wish i was there .
the car is safety testing on the track .
. stunt a for balcony the off jumping imagine
that triple - sail boat is majestic . what a beautiful sight .
date amazing an have and stars the at look so place wonderful a what oh
they are about to cook dinner
animals living their lives without humans hurting them is so important
she is out for a run , for the track team , working muscles to reach the final point .
the chem trails , do they harm us or not i do not know i wonder though .
vintage camera in pristine condition
beautifully simple contrast
nature finds a way .
there is an ancient rainbow
nothing too exciting about her look .
oh man , i love the moon . i ' m it ' s biggest fan !
i love this city so much .
the sky is so beautiful . i enjoy walking when it is so peaceful like this .
oh gosh , i love the steelers so much !
i highly respect the dedication and hard work it takes to become a professional drummer .
that is an ugly sign
we all should get outside , get on the march and take in a great sight like this one .
if i like watching fires does that make me a closet arsonist ?
this is a great part of history .
this is probably very important to the people in the photo .
i wanna steal this stuff
i sometimes hop on a train to see where it takes me .
he is too close to the railing and they are not smiling while having their pictures taken .
he should chop of his hair with an iron sword .
i ' m an expert in larping at my local university .
i don ' t know what that kid is shooting at , but i hope it ' s a target
a blurry bus stop . oh joy .
i wonder what these two men are talking about . if i had to guess , they ' re discussing the quality of the food and maybe the best ways to prepare .
this damn city doesn ' t know how to keep trash off the streets !
aww , this older man is working hard to maintain a lifestyle for his family , and is a very hard worker
that guitar needs to be left in it ' s case !
i will be cutting the grass every week
this is a very important march for our people culturally
this is the cutest poem . you have to read it if you enjoy smiling .
drummers are my favorite part of the band .
i will not waken the homeless person who sleeps here .
i believe that is a fluorescent light .
leaning tower of piza
it ' s cool they have a clock but it seems too small for the people to actually read .
this purple background makes me think how much i miss prince .
there ' s no way i ' d be sitting like that just waiting .
wow i love this awesome plane lets fly !
the falseness of their smiles just shows how fleeting life really is .
look at all the happy little faces .
tennis is such an elegant game
nice place to take a rest and do some meditation .
she has such an expressive personality , and i love elegant style of your room
i can stare at this all night long thinking about my future .
the color blue annoys me
he is cute .
these are children and youth that will bring about change .
eyes are up here boys .
wow , i bet they are real smart people , sitting around with the trees .
i just couldn ' t stop watching well they were working on the project
oh , i too remember my time spent in this pedestrian square .
here are two men
the spider ' s web has not captured its intended target .
is this even real ?
i have been to all their concerts and i have access to backstage
this just looks like a desert .
it ' s wonderful to see people working hard .
the ancient peoples often built ornate structures
i can ' t get over how these ice creams look like flowers . crazy .
what a good looking pizza .
wow . . havent seen this machine in a longtime
that horse on the right should be put down , they don ' t look like they can carry that person !
this is ridiculous . . . we really need to do something about this !
from up here those planes look like adorable children ' s toys .
i want to play with the little girl
i hate that color green .
i wonder what that will grow into
bob is ready to start his presentation . his speach on tolerance is not going to go well .
this was built about 250 years ago
this mother is so tired , i feel bad .
that child looks sad
oh boy , this room is sure full of different colors . . .
i can practically smell those flowers through my computer screen ! so lovely !
the entire globe could depend on this formatino
your plane is going . . . somewhere .
this looks like basketball
i think i could master this if i really tried !
so elegant it makes my heart flutter
this light provides a critical emergency beacon .
this wedding seems small .
our relationship is one that is unimaginative .
i wouldn ' t ever spend that much money on a place that wasted so much space
i looove wine ! i can ' t even imagine sitting down to the dinner table without a glassful in my stomach , a glass in my hand and an open bottle waiting to be poured !
at times , you ' ll find players using not only their feet to play , but their heads as well . it ' s a common thing , really .
could be better
i hope i can see events like that one day
wow way to break the rules of photography nerd .
i have a headache too
where are their canoes ?
this old building is lovely
freddie mercury was a strange and eccentric man .
i would love to punch a hole in that stupid set !
you don ' t create this .
this is so beautiful and tranquil . my ideal place
i wish i could have potatoes like those . my potatoes are tiny , like pebbles .
this car in front of me better get out of the way .
light traffic today ?
i hope they get it resolved
i highly respect that young man for favoring that bookmark .
the boxes lack a variety of color .
i would love this in my home .
that establishment is far too crowded for someone like me to visit .
i am glad to see the girls getting along .
i admire the picture .
there are people having an outside supper
he looks a little nervous
they seem to have a good feel for how to color .
the river could get flooded during the rainy season and cause serious hazards
this is my dream car !
that girl is hiding pain behind her smile , she deserves to smile !
i ' m sure the spectators are having an amazing time in that beautiful stadium .
a unique shoe like that needs to be worn by a unique person . i will volunteer .
whoa ! this is so so so awesome .
yes , i knocked my friend down and i am not sorry .
a solid group of professional networkers here .
i bet they are discussing about pointless stuff . i hate these people !
reminds me of my childhood , all the daydreams of exploring the wilderness . .
this is all mine
i love taking private charters to my house in the hamptons .
i am not sure about this
interesting color combinations .
they are probably talking about their next big project .
i need to light 5 candles like this every day for 6 months at 9 oclock
this image has the strangest architecture i have ever seen . a tall upper level appears to be composed entirely of cloth . bizarre architecture !
what a beautiful flower ! i love nature !
nothing like a horse
i love the architecture .
i ' m glad our city has these public bikes that i can use to get to places such as school and the library .
what a bell , where is that ?
anyone who rides that is brave .
i dare her to pull up those flowers
these men could have posed and dressed better for this photo . i could have taken a better picture .
i would love to redesign these sports outfits into something a bit more magical ! keep the practicality , but up the usage of maroon .
too much traffic to cross the street .
this particular color makes me feel as if i want to do nothing
just one step at a time . you can do it
buggy overlooking the city lights reflecting off the lake . it ' s cold and i want to go home .
a superbly - executed sculptural representation of the young adult panthera leo .
this rocket seems almost as lovely as the setting !
group at dinner
why does this glass define me
makes me sad
thats a cool shade of color
skiing is a sport that takes agility , strength , and exceptional balance .
you have the best looking grass around !
the girls hair matchers her personality
definitely not as happy as they seem . i bet they ' re real glad to be there .
we must always pay tribute to the soldiers who have fallen .
this looks like an uncomfortable position to take a photo in
i bet he ’ s using her !
this presentation was unbelievable .
i don ' t hate rock music but i am not a fan either .
i think this could be a way to contact spirits from the underworld .
i don ' t know about this camera app
such beautiful use of colors . i ' m so impressed .
the roar of the flowers the freestyle of the leader board member
i wish i was able to help them with their boat .
there is too much blue in this photo , not enough balance of oranges .
this color would fit in so well in a regal household , possibly something victorian .
i would climb this tree and jump off !
this seems like it would make me pretty uncomfortable .
it ' s a road . drive !
found your soul first
pretty boring picture . i hate to shop for groceries .
why does this singer look like she ' s trying to eat her microphone ?
do i have to avoid all these weeds
i will like to cram everything in the paper
the girl in gray looks embarrassed . wonder if someone is seranading her ?
what , did that car just drive through that fence ?
the place is pretty rocky
what are you looking at ? if you have something to say , say it to my face !
that butterfly sure looks free . i wonder where it will fly off to next and what it will do there .
those guys look prepared for anything so i don ' t have to be .
what professional people !
the grotesque yellow color of this building makes it seem like a cheap and disgusting apartment complex .
and they finally got to eat the meal they ' d been fantasizing about .
the island was pretty but everything seemed to look the same .
she looks pretty snobby to me , i bet she ' s a horrible person .
what a soothing scene for someone in need of a rest .
the midwest is quite humid , so air conditioning was a big sell when this motel was first opened .
i am going to find this place and . . . .
the rockstar looks tuned in .
i can ' t run on the road with my kids like this
what is this map of ?
there are so many shades of black here .
we had a glorious new years party
carrot cake ? happy birthday to that little boy !
oh boy , the football game was down right a blast !
the jewelry was imaginative and fun .
say cheese !
hear yeh , hear yeh . we are gathered here today to witness the strolling of the rich people . wear read , it will be fun .
okay we need to make sure to collect those cans afterwards for those five cents each !
this drive was a tough one but i ' m glad i drove it .
hulk would totally win a fight with anyone
thats a expensive car
fresh new growth of spring .
i bet those motorcycles are going too fast
that letter in the middle of no where is actually pretty handy as a landmark in case someone gets lost .
welp , it sure looks like a sunset to me .
why can ' t you see their faces ?
sometimes , i get angry that i don ' t get to live in a nice place like this .
the is an all seeing eye , panaroma view
i think i live here
someone looks like their taking things a little seriously .
what makes this cards different then the others
this waterfall is nice , but i have seen so many much prettier waterfalls in all my travels .
a colourful line up of performers !
what a mess ! !
i wonder who made this photo effect
what ' s the point of camping in an open field ?
i would like to own this but i ' m worried it would bring too much attention to me .
i would run as fast as i could from the elephant .
it appears that the batter has chosen to bunt .
! scarryscarru scared looks that those omg
i can ' t stand it when people put garbage in these bins . i spent 4 hours cleaning them out the other day
my first time visiting baby aiden ! ! !
i bet i could do a better job in this musical than patrick did .
wow ! i hope those fireworks don ' t wake up any children .
i would like to visit here someday if i could .
a mother and a child is always an enjoyable sight to see
the clock on the cathedral reflects the correct local time .
that girl must have great reading comprehension .
a good place to meditate
a beautiful paradise that is worth visiting ,
they are going to eat this now
this hat is absolutely gorgeous , want to wear now .
i know all about these celebrations , they are very happy and i understand why !
oh i ' m sure those are great classics .
that bird has such a funny looking head ! ! !
this picture arouses a sensation in my loins .
wow that color is so bright
such amazing clothing , i would love to go out and buy it right now
this is such a lovely picture , i bet it would be a great spot for a date .
well now , at least he won ' t smell like gas at the wedding .
this duck is gorgeous i want to feed him some bread .
this looks a little strange
lets go jump off that bridge .
future generations of americans .
this place must be bad if it ' s empty !
i will stay inside today
yay ! they finally started planting trees here .
looking at this room makes me think about all of the wonderful memories the family must have of living in this home .
this ancient panda pattern evolved during the ming dynasty .
wonder what everyone is buying
this reminds me of my grandmother ' s kitchen . i loved her so much .
everyone enjoys group discussion
i would jump out a window .
war will always be man ' s biggest fault .
that ' s a strange group together .
a very in depth look at a protest
i love that eyes
i like that they are being modest in their dress
i ' m not a fan of grey , a bit bland really
she likes me best .
this is the problem with culture today - all surface appearance , no substance .
picture beautiful a make would this buildings tall many sosi since
that plebeian mode of transport is fine . that is if you ' re too old to ride on a short , yellow bus .
i know they ' re probably not anything like this , but i can see them as the unexpected hit boy band of this year .
its so grey in here
one degree above freezing and fog , ugh .
i love music , especially the banjo .
i believe that others feel i am mocking them at times .
the food in the photo believe it or not , is nutritious !
a relaxing and regal beach perfect for any relaxing event .
whoever painted this might be in deep emotional pain . . .
what is that ?
how dare this child ruin my beautiful snow picture
this is the silliest picture of the wackiest food !
this artwork is out of this world .
seashells on a seashore !
beer is not acceptable for a speaker to be holding on stage
it ' s very cool that their steps are in sync and they are on such a green field !
i don ' t like it at all
that bag is a fashion fail .
the symmetry in this photo is perfect .
this seems dangerous
i don ' t want a shot , these people are loud and obnoxious .
bunch of rocks , innit ?
cats are cool , but many people are allergic .
my favourite hockey team , good luck in future guys
i think i am in joyous spirits .
the advertisement in the picture is supposed to be hard to understand , so the consumer would spend time reading it and remember it .
the sail is my thoughts and the ocean is my dreams .
she ' s doing such a fine job swimming .
if you dont like these guys , then get out of here !
twilight with the big city right over there and i feel pleasant and happy .
what a boring outfit . . .
i ' d have to run if i saw a cow with that big of horns .
this would make a lovely painting that would show well in a gallery .
i ' m pretty sure this was probably a river or stream at some point . look at the indentation of the pavers .
all the flags looming near each other in a dark room looks like there is some contempt between them .
one taste and you will never try another candy
i hope these fish die
if we had a dollar for each sunrise . .
i love red , it looks great on me .
i really like your shirt !
i ' m so glad you have been able to stay together to long !
riding a motorcycle is so fun !
where you can go downtown
she is just thinking about her next school project .
i just can ' t take this stuff any longer .
this looks like it uses electricity
their fashion is something that i would love to try !
i just love the scenery .
what could be better than sitting in the country with a great bottle of wine .
the color of looking up
elevation maps are the thing that make me happiest in life .
nice waterfall . but there ' s really no reason to be there . it ' s just water , nothing else .
these horns look like they are very loud . they would scare me !
this reminds me of the time my friends and i had to make a reproduction ruins for an outdoor play .
blinded by trees
what a beautiful piece of furniture < 3
i would like to stick some fun streamers in these spokes .
tommy finally found his heart but lost his soul .
what a fancy place !
this looks like a calm day to go see the sites .
what it with those gang signs mister .
family time is the best
such inquisitive stares from an attentive group .
look at that horse ' s display of strength ! i ' m sure he will go places .
woot , found a place for our next party !
this is the hottest lake in the world !
standby and don ' t call me shirley .
meeting friends for dinner ; one of them really needs a good meal right now .
hustle and bustle
i ' m worried this baby will eat the papers .
those headbands are terrible looking
zeeeonk ! this is crazy stuff !
why are they doing that ?
oh wow , i would love to go watch this with a bunch of girls , the perfect anti date
this road is blocked
why isnt she lookin at the camera
i ' ve seen better trains .
let ' s go for a walk , smell the flowers , and enjoy the fresh air .
i wouldn ' t drive this bridge , or maybe i would , i cannot decide .
the staff at this five star hotel have an overimaginative way of expressing all the amenities at the hotel .
i believe that we might need to go . . there ' s anything more to it than that we need to go we need to go
biking in mud sounds fun ! i would love to get muddy !
the fixture at the front looks like berries , it would be cool if they were edible , i wonder what they ' d taste like
this photography style doesn ' t do much for me . try again .
i love the simplicity of this ; it touches my heart .
there are many triangles in this particular structure . i would assume it ' s a pretty solid building , perhaps used for some industrial purpose .
very braod - end no time or room for left - brained
that is a lot of snow
this picture kind of scares me with that drop off .
i would be sad if i came to france to climb the eiffel tower and it was a foggy day .
that lady on the right is almost as short as the polish
let ' s play with our sweaters waist - tied .
i think everyone is going to do a great job today at the conference .
she looks like a fun person
this is a well - planned and fertilized garden .
in the midst of this dark night , i see the beautiful sun about to rise .
this is a good statue
i hope that cat is okay
i dusted the shelf three times
i can only imagine having fun like this guy , horns up , not a care in the world .
everything on that bridge will crumble under the eye of the storm .
the gravitation is very lovely
i think it would be really fun to climb this building !
i will like to join tehem
you could see the moon between the two trees .
these signs are lame .
i see a dog , let ' s play buddy @
the car is shiny and stylish .
that latte art is off center
hah ! that smile just shouts , " yeah , this is a sweet tie ! "
nature like this should never be fenced in .
someone like me can ' t afford this luxury
i would run from those cheecky ducks
now right that like forest green lush a in be to nice be would it
what a peculiar character . a koala hangs in trees all day , eating and sleeping , what a life .
those people look like scary zombies ! i would be nervous to walk around them !
the air speaks to my soul .
it is so sad when a lot of people coming together it reminds me of my grandmas funeral
he did such a great job !
it doesn ' t matter which team wins this game to me .
this looks like a peice of art
this flower turn me on
those two look like they ' d be fun to go bowling with !
wonder if the phone has an emergency button ?
i bet i could sleep more than that stupid cat .
why waste time on this ?
aside from the shadow of the art piece on the building and the lights being changed to black and white , maybe the photographer is trying to show some duality in their work and make us reflect .
this house would make such a cool pool ! imagine if we could fill it all up with water !
in my day , men didn ' t take risks like these .
lousy protestors . unleash the dogs !
when you ' re in the museum trying to figure out if this is a ram or a goat .
is it tangled ? i bet it plays pretty music .
i bet over one million people show up for the opening .
that is the most beautiful brass i have ever seen
that is a man , holding a microphone
i am feeling for the people listening to this lecture
is that helicopter about to crash or is it taking off ?
i wonder what would happen if that guy hit a pot hole . how long before anyone found him ? i bet he ' d lay in the sun for hours hahah
i love men in uniform !
that room looks scary , i ' d never go in there .
dessert was fabulous - o ! best evah !
i usually visit that place once in a while